spurn - v. to refuse to accept 拒绝 flout

square with - phrase. 与...一致 conform to

stability - n. the quality or state of something that is not easily changed or likely to change 稳定 order

stagnate - v. to stop developing, progressing, moving, etc. 停滞

staid - adj. serious, boring, or old-fashioned 古板的，严肃的 sober [stand + id = 必须站着并且有id]

stale - adj. tedious from familiarity 陈旧的，厌倦的 banal

stalwart - "(1)adj. marked by outstanding strength and vigor of body, mind, or spirit 健壮的 (2)adj. very loyal and dedicated 忠实的，坚定的"

stanch - v. to stop something (especially blood) from flowing 止血，平息 [死挡车]

standstill - n. a state in which all activity or motion is stopped 静止

startling - adj. very surprising, shocking, or frightening 令人惊讶的

starvation - n. suffering or death caused by having nothing to eat or not enough to eat 饥饿

stasis - n. a slowing or stoppage of the normal flow of a bodily fluid or semifluid 停滞

staunch - adj. very devoted or loyal to a person, belief, or cause 坚定的，忠诚的

stave off - phrase. 延缓 forestall [stove off 先把炉子关一下延缓加热]

stem - "(1)v. to check or go counter to 阻止 (2)v. to occur or develop as a consequence 起源" check

sterling - adj. very good 优秀的

stifle - v. to stop from doing or expressing something 阻止 shackle

stingy - "(1)adj. not liking or wanting to give or spend money 吝啬的 (2)adj. small in size or amount 微小的" parsimonious

strain - v. to make violent efforts 尽量使⼒

stratified - adj. divided into different classes or social layers 形成阶层的，分层的 hierarchical [strategy就是打击分化]

striking - adj. attracting attention or notice through unusual or conspicuous qualities 引人注目的

strip away - phrase. to remove it completely 除去 remove

stubborn - "(1)adj. refusing to change your ideas or to stop doing something 固执的 (2)adj. difficult to deal with, remove, etc. 难除去的" intractable

stun - v. to surprise or upset very much 使惊讶 [stunning 令人震惊的]

stymie - v. to stop from doing something or to stop from happening 阻碍 hinder

subordinate - "(1)adj. in a position of less power or authority than someone else 级别低的 (2)adj. less important than someone or something else 次要的 (3)n. someone who has less power or authority than someone else 下属"

subsidize - v. to help someone or something pay for the costs of 资助，补贴

subtle - "(1)adj. hard to notice or see 不易觉察的 (2)adj. difficult to understand 难以理解的 (3)adj. able to make fine distinctions 敏锐的"

successive - adj. following one after the other in a series 连续的 sequential [suc- = 下 + ced, ceed, cess=go,表示"行走,前进" = 往下走的]

succumb - "(1)v. to stop trying to resist something 屈服 (2)v. to die 死亡" yield

suffocate - "(1)v. to impede or stop the development of 抑制 (2)v. to stop the respiration of 窒息"

sullen - adj. dismal, gloomy 郁郁寡欢的 surly, grumpy [sul = sol孤独, len: 因为孤独所以忧郁.]

superficial - "(1)adj. concerned only with the obvious or apparent 肤浅的 (2)adj. lying close to the surface 表面的" shallow

superfluous - adj. beyond what is needed 多余的

superlative - adj. surpassing all others 最⾼级的，极好的 [lat= bring,out,表示"拿出,带出" translate/elate = 带来super的]

supplant - v. to take the place of 取代 [sup下面, plant种植－在下面种植自己的势力－取代]

supple - "(1)adj. readily adaptable or responsive to new situations 能适应的，灵活的 (2)adj. capable of being bent or folded without creases, cracks, or breaks 柔韧的" flexible

supplicate - v. to ask humbly and earnestly of 恳求 entreat, solicit [sup- = 下面 + police = 在下面求警察放一马]

suppress - v. to end or stop by force 压制，镇压

surfeit - n. an amount that is too much or more than you need 过量 glut, plethora

surly - adj. irritably sullen and churlish in mood or manner 暴躁的;粗暴无礼的 sullen [sur = sir, ly－像先生一般高高在上的－脾气暴躁的]

surmise - "(1)v. to form an opinion about something without definitely knowing the truth 推测 (2)n. a thought or idea based on scanty evidence 猜测" infer

surrender - "(1)v. to agree to stop fighting, hiding, resisting, etc., because you know that you will not win or succeed 投降 (2)v. to give the control or use of to someone else 交出 (3)v. to allow something to influence or control you 放任"

surreptitious - adj. done in a secret way 鬼鬼祟祟的

susceptible - adj. easily affected, influenced, or harmed by something 易受影响的

sustain - "(1)v. to provide what is needed for to exist, continue, etc. 维持 (2)v. to hold up the weight of 支撑"

sway - "(1)v. to fluctuate or veer between one point, position, or opinion and another 摇摆 (2)v. to exert a building or controlling influence on 影响"

sweeping - adj. including or involving many things 彻底的

sycophantic - adj. fawning, obsequious 谄媚的 obsequious, adulating

sympathetic - adj. feeling or showing concern about someone who is in a bad situation 同情的

synonymous - adj. having the same connotations, implications, or reference 同义的 tantamount

synoptic - adj. affording a general view of a whole 概要的 abridged

synthesis - n. something that is made by combining different things 合成，综合体 fusion

taciturn - adj. temperamentally disinclined to talk 沉默寡言的 laconic, terse, curt

tactless - adj. not showing or having tact 笨拙的

taint - "(1)v. to contaminate morally 玷污 (2)v. to affect with putrefaction 污染 (3)n. something that causes a person or thing to be thought of as bad, dishonest, etc. 瑕疵"

tantamount - adj. equal to something in value, meaning, or effect 等同于 synonymous

taxing - adj. requiring a lot of effort, energy, etc. 费劲的 arduous

tedious - adj. boring and too slow or long 单调乏味的 dreary, boring

teem with - phrase. 充满

temper - v. to make less severe or extreme 缓和 modulate, mitigate, neutralize

temperate - adj. marked by moderation 温和的，适度的 dispassionate

temporary - adj. lasting for a limited time 暂时的

tenacity - n. the quality or state of being very determined to do something 顽强 resolve, endurance

tendentious - adj. expressing a strong opinion 有倾向性的 [tendence 倾向]

tenuous - "(1)adj. very thin 纤细的 (2)adj. having little substance or strength 脆弱的" exiguous

tepid - adj. not energetic or excited 不够热情的

terrific - adj. extremely good 极好的

terrifying - adj. causing great fear 令人恐惧的

terse - adj. brief and direct in a way that may see rude or unfriendly 简短的 laconic, curt, taciturn, succinct

testimony - n. proof or evidence that something exists or is true 证据

thorough - "(1)adj. careful about doing something in an accurate and exact way 周密的 (2)adj. complete or absolute 彻底的" meticulous

thrift - n. careful use of money so that it is not wasted 节约

thrill - "(1)v. to cause to feel very excited or happy 使激动 (2)n. a quivering or trembling caused by sudden excitement or emotion 激动，紧张" [I am thrilled to announce ...]

thrive - v. to grow or develop successfully 繁荣

tilt - n. slant, bias 倾斜，偏见 list

timely - adj. happening at the correct or most useful time 适时的 opportune

timid - adj. feeling or showing a lack of courage or confidence 胆怯的，羞怯的 diffident

tolerate - "(1)v. to allow to exist, happen, or be done 容许 (2)v. to put up with 容忍" brook

tonic - adj. increasing or restoring physical or mental tone 恢复健康的 restorative

topple - v. to remove from power 推翻，颠覆 [top顶, ple: 顶向下－使...翻倒]

tortuous - "(1)adj. having many twists and turns 弯曲的 (2)adj. complicated, long, and confusing 冗长复杂的" convoluted [tort转, uous－弯曲的 torture 折磨]

totemic - adj. of, relating to, suggestive of, or characteristic of a totem or totemism 象征的 emblematic [图腾的]

tractable - adj. capable of being easily led, taught, or controlled 驯服的，温顺的 compliant

transgress - v. to do something that is not allowed 违反，侵犯

transient - adj. not lasting long 短暂的

transitory - adj. lasting only for a short time 短暂的 ephemeral, evanescent

treasure - "(1)adj. something that is very special, important, or valuable 珍宝 (2)v. to value very much 珍惜"

tremendous - adj. very large or great 巨大的

trenchant - adj. very strong, clear, and effective 有力的，有效的 profound, incisive

trepidation - n. a nervous or fearful feeling of uncertain agitation 不安 misgiving, apprehension [trepid 胆小的；不安的]

tribute - "(1)n. something that you say, give, or do to show respect or affection for someone 称赞 (2)n. money or goods that a ruler or country gives to another ruler or country especially for protection 贡品" encomium

trifling - adj. having little value or importance 微不足道的 minimal

trigger - v. to cause to start or happen 引发

triumph - n. a great success or achievement 伟大胜利 success

trivial - adj. not important 不重要的 inconsequential, immaterial

truculent - adj. easily annoyed or angered and likely to argue 好斗的 pugnacious, bellicose, combative, aggressive

truncate - v. to shorten by or as if by cutting off 截短 shorten, foreshorten

tumultuous - adj. involving a lot of violence, confusion, or disorder 骚乱的

turbid - adj. cloudy or muddy 浑浊的，混乱的 [turb搅动, bid筹码－搅混的]

tyro - n. a person who has just started learning or doing something 新手 novice, neophyte [泰罗]

ubiquitous - adj. seeming to be seen everywhere 无处不在的 omnipresent, universal

umbrage - n. a feeling of being offended by what someone has said or done 生气

unalloyed - adj. not mixed with something else 纯粹的 unqualified

unambiguous - adj. clearly expressed or understood 清晰的

unassailable - adj. not able to be doubted 毋庸置疑的 sound [assail = ass + ill = 攻击 = 戳屁股 = 无可攻击的]

unassuming - adj. not having or showing a desire to be noticed, praised, etc. 谦逊的 modest, humble [un + assume = 不事先假设的]

unattainable - adj. cannot be achieved or is not available 无法获得的，无法达到的

unbalanced - "(1)adj. appear disturbed and upset or they seem to be slightly crazy. 心神不定的 (2)adj. unfair or inaccurate because it emphasizes some things and ignores others 不公正的"

unblemished - adj. not being harmed or spoiled 崭新的，清白的 pristine

unbounded - adj. not limited in any way 无限的 immoderate, expansive

unceasing - adj. never stopping 不停的 unremitting

unchecked - adj. nobody controls it or prevents it from growing or developing 未受抑制的

uncompromising - adj. not willing to change a decision, opinion, method, etc. 不妥协的

undeniable - adj. impossible to deny 不可否认的 unquestionable, irrefutable

undercut - v. to make weaker or less effective 削弱 subvert, impair, undermine

undermine - v. to make weaker or less effective usually in a secret or gradual way 暗中破坏 impair, subvert, undercut

undo - v. to change or stop the effect of 取消，使无效

unencumbered - adj. free of encumbrance 无阻碍的

unerring - adj. always right and accurate 万无一失的 settled [不犯错的]

uneven - "(1)adj. not uniform 不规则的 (2)adj. not level or smooth 不整齐的"

unexampled - adj. having no example or parallel 前所未有的 novel [无例子的]

unexceptional - adj. not usually good, interesting, etc. 普通的 nondescript

unfathomable - adj. impossible to understand 不可理解的

unfeeling - adj. not kind or sympathetic toward other people 无情的

unflagging - adj. not decreasing or becoming weaker 不知疲倦的 unfatigued [不举白旗的]

unflinching - adj. staying strong and determined even when things are difficult 不畏缩的 [flinch = fl = fly, inch(n 英寸)－一寸寸向后飞－退缩]

unfounded - adj. not based on facts or proof 无根据的 unjustified, baseless, groundless, unwarranted

ungainly - adj. moving in an awkward or clumsy way 笨拙的，不优雅的 awkward [gainly 姿态优美的 = 已经gain的人比较得体]

unimpeachable - adj. very reliable and trusted 毋庸置疑的 blameless

uninformative - adj. not giving you enough useful information 缺乏信息的 inscrutable

universal - "(1)adj. done or experienced by everyone 广泛的 (2)adj. existing or true at all times or in all places 普遍适用的，无处不在的" omnipresent, ubiquitous

unkempt - adj. messy or untidy 不整洁的 [kempt 整洁的]

unmistakable - adj. not capable of bing mistaken or misunderstood 毋庸置疑的，明显的 decisive

unorthodox - adj. different from what is usually done or accepted 非正统的 unconventional

unostentatious - adj. not ostentatious 不夸耀的 modest [os我死, ten10, tatious: 我死了10次－吹牛的]

unprecedented - adj. not done or experienced before 前所未有的 abnormal

unprepossessing - adj. looking rather plain or ordinary 不吸引人的 unremarkable prepossessing 有魅力的 [没有人想提前拥有的]

unqualified - "(1)adj. complete or total 完全的，不受限制的 (2)adj. not having the skills, knowledge, or experience needed to do a particular job or activity 无资格的" unalloyed

unravel - v. to find the correct explanation for 阐明，解开

unremitting - adj. not stopping or growing weaker 不停的 unceasing

unseemly - adj. not proper or appropriate for the situation 不得体的 indecorous [un不, seemly(adj 适宜的; 得当的)]

unsettle - v. to make nervous, worried, or upset 使不安 alarm

unsurpassed - adj. emphasizing that it is better or greater than anything else of its kind 无可比拟的

untenable - adj. not capable of being defended against attack or criticism 站不住脚的 baseless

untether - v. to free from or as if from a tether 脱离 divorce

untrammeled - adj. not confined, limited, or impeded 没有限制的 unrestrained [trammel 束缚；拘束 = trap + mammal = 用陷阱拘束哺乳动物]

unwarranted - adj. if you describe something as unwarranted, you are critical of it because there is no need or reason for it 无根据的 groundless

unwieldy - adj. difficult to handle, control, or deal with because of being large, heavy, or complex 笨重的，难操作的 cumbersome [wield 掌握，运用，行使(权利) = 无法难以使用的]

unwitting - adj. not intended or planned 无意的 [wit 风趣，机智 = 没用刻意想的]

unyielding - adj. characterized by firmness or obduracy 不屈的 implacable

upend - v. to cause to be upside down 颠倒 [end跑到up]

upheaval - n. a major change or period of change that causes a lot of conflict, confusion, anger, etc. 剧变 convulsion

urbane - adj. notably polite or polished in manner 儒雅的 [urban人儒雅随和]

urgent - adj. very important and needing immediate attention 紧急的，迫切的

utilitarian - adj. made to be useful rather than to be decorative or comfortable 实用的 functional

utopia - n. an impractical scheme for social improvement 不切实际的幻想

utter - "(1) adj. complete and total 完全的 (2) v. to say 表达"

vacant - "(1)adj. being without content or occupant 空的 (2)adj. devoid of thought, reflection, or expression 心不在焉的"

vacillation - n. inability to take a stand 犹豫不决 irresolution

vacuous - adj. having or showing a lack of intelligence or serious thought 空洞的 paucity

vague - adj. not clear in meaning 模糊的，不确定的 nebulous

vainglorious - adj. having or showing too much pride in your abilities or achievements 自负的 [vain 虚荣的 + glory 光荣 = 天天念叨自己的丰光伟绩]

valediction - n. an act of bidding farewell 告别

valorize - v. to assign value or merit to 称赞 exalt [value + glory = 称赞有价值]

vanish - v. to disappear entirely without a clear explanation 消失

vaporize - "(1)v. to change into a vapor or to cause to change into a vapor 蒸发 (2)v. to cause to become dissipated 消散"

vehement - adj. showing strong and often angry feelings 激烈的

venal - adj. willing to do dishonest things in return for money 贪污的，唯利是图的 [venerate的人可能贪污]

venerate - v. to feel or show deep respect for 崇敬 honor, respect

veracity - n. truth or accuracy 真实

verbose - adj. using more words than are needed 啰嗦的 prolix, long-winded

verisimilitude - n. the quality of seeming real 逼真 realism

versatile - "(1)adj. able to do many different things 多才多艺的 (2)adj. having many different uses 多功能的" protean, fickle, volatile, flighty, erratic, capricious

vestige - n. the last small part that remains of something that existed before 残留部分 relic

vigilant - adj. carefully noticing problems or signs of danger 警惕的 careful

vigorous - adj. done with great force and energy 精力充沛的 spirited

violate - "(1)v. break, disregard 违反 (2)v. interrupt, disturb 侵扰" contravene

virtue - "(1)n. morally good behavior or character 美德 (2)n. a commendable quality or courage 优点"

visible - "(1)adj. capable of being discovered or perceived 看得见的 (2)adj. conspicuous 明显的" salient

vitiate - v. to ruin or spoil 损害 impair [wit I ate = 脑子智慧被吃了]

vitriolic - adj. bitterly scathing 尖酸刻薄的 acerbic, opprobrium

vivacious - adj. happy and lively in a way that is attractive 活泼的

volatile - adj. likely to change in a very sudden or extreme way 善变的 fickle, versatile, flighty, erratic, capricious

voluble - adj. talking a lot in an energetic and rapid way 健谈的

voracious - "(1)adj. having a huge appetite 贪吃的 (2)adj. excessively eager 贪得无厌的 " prodigious, insatiable

wane - "(1)v. to become smaller or less 衰落，减少 (2)n. a time of phase of gradual decrease 衰落期" ebb, decline

wanting - adj. not having all that is needed or expected 有缺陷的 flawed [一直想要的就是缺乏的]

wayward - adj. following one's own capricious, wanton, or depraved inclinations 任性的 errant, unpredictable

wealth - "(1)n. a large amount of money and possessions 财富 (2)n. a large amount or number 大量" profusion

well-defined - adj. easy to see or understand 明确的

welter - n. a state of wild disorder 混乱无序 hodgepodge [we + shelter = 我们的避难所是]

wherewithal - n. the money, skill, etc., that is needed to get or do something 必要手段（钱或技能）[不管在哪里都需要有的]

whimsical - adj. subject to erratic behavior or unpredictable change 难以预测的 capricious

wide-ranging - adj. dealing with or affecting a great variety of different things 广泛的

wield - v. to have and use (power, influence, etc.) 行使，施加 exert [whip + field = 用鞭子在我的领域里]

wistful - adj. having or showing sad thoughts and feelings about something that you want to have or do and especially about something that made you happy in the past 伤感的，依依不舍的 [waste ful = 我的青春都浪费在这个男人身上了]

witless - adj. very foolish or stupid 愚蠢的 dense

wondrous - adj. causing wonder 奇妙的 amazing

woo - v. to seek to gain or bring about 恳求，争取 [雄鹿求爱时的woowoo的声音]

yield - "(1)v. to produce or provide 产生 (2)v. to surrender or submit to another 屈服" succumb, engender, output

zealot - n. a person who has very strong feelings about something and who wants other people to have those feelings 狂热者 extremist, ideologue

zealous - adj. feeling or showing strong and energetic support for a person, cause, etc. 热情的，狂热的 impassioned, fervent, fiery, passionate
