generic - adj. of or relating to a whole group or class 通用的 inclusive

genial - adj. kind and friendly 友善的 friendly

genius - "(1)n. a very smart or talented person 天才 (2)n. great natural ability 天赋"

germane - adj. relating to a subject in an appropriate way 密切相关的 relevant, apposite

given - adj. specified, fixed 特定的，固定的

glean - v. to gather or collect in a gradual way 搜集，获取 obtain

gloat - v. to show in an improper or selfish way that you are happy with you own success or another person's failure 幸灾乐祸 [卵子割漏了]

gloomy - adj. sad or depressed 忧郁的 lugubrious, cheerless

glut - n. too much of something 过量 surfeit, plethora

goose bumps - n. small bumps on your skin that are caused by cold, fear, or a sudden feeling of excitement 鸡皮疙瘩

govern - "(1)v. to exercise continuous sovereign authority over 治理 (2)v. to control or guide the actions of 决定" determine

grandiose - (1)adj. characterized by affectation of grandeur or splendor or by absurd exaggeration 浮夸的 
(2)adj. impressive because of uncommon largeness, scope, effect, or grandeur 宏伟的

gratify - v. to make happy or satisfied 使满足，使高兴 please

gregarious - "(1)adj. marked by or indicating a liking for companionship 爱交际的 (2)adj. growing in a cluster or colony 群居的" sociable

groundless - adj. not based on facts 无根据的 unwarranted

guardian - n. someone or something that washes or protects something 保护人

guile - n. deceitful cunning 奸诈 deviousness

hail - v. to greet with enthusiastic approval 称赞 acclaim

half-formulated - adj. 半成品的

halfhearted - adj. feeling or showing a lack of interest or enthusiasm 不热情的 tepid, lukewarm

hallmark - n. a quality, ability, etc., that is typical of a particular person or thing 特点 [这座礼堂的标志特点是]

hallow - v. to respect greatly 极其崇敬 respect [all + low = 神使其他人变low]

hamper - v. to slow the movement, progress, or action of 阻碍 impede

hamstring - v. to damage or ruin the force or effectiveness of 使无能为力 impair

haphazard - adj. having no plan, order, or direction 随意的 random, helter-skelter

harmonize - v. to bring into consonance or accord 使一致

harsh - "(1)adj. having a coarse uneven surface that is rough or unpleasant to the touch 粗糙的 (2)adj. unduly exacting 严厉的 (3)adj. severe or cruel 残酷的"

hasty - adj. fast and typically superficial 匆忙的，草率的 impulsive, rapid

heartless - adj. very cruel 残酷的 callous

hedge - v. to avoid giving a promise or direct answer 回避 [对冲也是回避风险的策略]

heed - v. to pay attention to 注意，留心

helter-skelter - adj. marked by a lack of order or plan 杂乱的 haphazard [s + helter 避难所是杂乱无章的]

heterodox - adj. not agreeing with established beliefs or standards 异端的 iconoclastic

heterogeneous - adj. made up of parts that are different 各种各样的 disparate, dissimilar

hew to - phrase. 遵守 conform to

hidebound - adj. not willing to accept new or different ideas 迂腐守旧的 [躲避边界的 = 守旧]

hierarchical - adj. of, relating to, or arranged in a hierarchy 等级制度的 stratified

high-minded - adj. having strong moral principles 高尚的

hinder - v. to make slow or difficult 妨碍 stymie, inhibit, block

hitch - n. a hidden problem that makes something more complicated or difficult to do 故障 snag [hit + latch = 打坏开关]

hodgepodge - n. a mixture of different things 大杂烩 patchwork, welter, pastiche

homogeneity - n. the state of having identical cumulative distribution function or values 同质 resemblance, uniform [homo + gen = 相同基因的]

hone - v. to make more acute, intense, or effective 磨砺，提升 enhance [H形的磨刀石 stone]

honor - "(1)n. respect that is given to someone who is admired 荣誉 (2)v. to regard or treat with respect and admiration 尊敬" venerate

hortatory - adj. hortative, exhortatory 劝告的 [hort=encourage,表示"鼓励" + story = 用名人故事劝告他]

hubris - n. a great or foolish amount of pride or confidence 傲慢自大 arrogance

humdrum - adj. dull, boring, and ordinary 单调的，乏味的 dull

humility - n. the quality or state of not thinking you are better than other people 谦逊 modesty

hyperbole - n. language that describes something as better or worse than it really is 夸大 exaggeration

hypocrisy - n. a feigning to be what one is not or to believe what one does not 伪善 mendacity, insincerity

iconoclast - n. a person who criticizes or opposes beliefs and practices that are widely accepted 反传统者

idealistic - adj. of or relating to idealists or idealism 空想的 quixotic

ideologue - n. someone who very strongly supports and is guided by the ideology of a particular group 狂热支持某种理念的人 zealot [ideo + dialogue = 理想派的对话]

idiosyncratic - adj. characteristic peculiarity 怪异的

ignorance - n. a lack of knowledge, understanding, or education 无知 unfamiliarity

illusory - adj. base one something that is not true or real 虚假的

imbibe - "(1)v. to drink alcohol 饮酒 (2)v. to receive into the mind and retain 吸收，接受" quaff [in + bibe 圣经 = 吸收圣经的知识]

imitate - v. to follow as a pattern, model, or example 模仿 emulate

immaterial - adj. not important or significant 不重要的 inconsequential

immense - adj. very great in size or amount 巨大的 colossal

imminent - adj. happening very soon 即将发生的

immortality - n. the quality or state of someone or something that will never die or be forgotten 不朽

immutable - adj. unable to be changed 不可改变的

impair - v. to make weaker or worse 损害 hamstring, undermine, vitiate, compromise, undercut

impartial - adj. treating all people and groups equally 公正的 evenhanded, disinterested, fair, detachment

impassioned - adj. showing or feeling very strong emotions 热情的 fiery

impassive - adj. not showing emotion 冷漠的

impecunious - adj. having little or no money 贫穷的 indigent [in + pecu钱]

impede - v. to slow the movement, progress, or action of 阻碍 hamper

impenetrable - adj. impossible to understand 无法理解的

imperceptible - adj. impossible to see or notice 难以觉察的 gradual

imperil - v. to bring into peril: endanger 危及

impermanent - adj. not lasting forever 短暂的

impetuous - adj. acting or done quickly and without thought 鲁莽的 precipitate

implacable - adj. opposed to someone or something in a very angry or determined way that cannot be changed 无法安抚的 unyielding, inexorable

implement - v. to begin to do or use 实施

impolitic - adj. unwise 不明智的 tactless

import - n. importance 重要性

impotent - adj. lacking power or strength 无能的，无力的

impressive - adj. deserving attention, admiration, or respect 令人敬畏的，值得尊敬的

improvise - v. to speak or perform without preparation 即兴创作

impudent - adj. failing to show proper respect and courtesy 放肆无礼的

impugn - v. to assail by words or argument 指责

impulsive - adj. done suddenly and without planning 冲动的 capricious, hasty

inaccessible - adj. difficult or impossible to reach, approach, or understand 难以到达的，难以理解的 opaque

inadequate - adj. not enough or not good enough 不足的

inborn - adj. existing from the time someone is born 天生的

inception - adj. the time at which something begins 开始 foundation

inclined - adj. wanting to do something or likely to do something 倾向于...的

inclusive - "(1)adj. covering or including everything 全包括的 (2)adj. including the stated limits and everything in between 包括首尾两项的" generic, all-encompassing

incommensurable - adj. not commensurable broadly 不能相比的

incomprehensible - adj. impossible to understand 费解的 inexplicable

incongruity - n. something that is incongruous 矛盾 discrepancy

inconsequential - adj. not important 不重要的 trivial, immaterial

inconsistent - adj. not compatible with another fact or claim 不一致的，矛盾的 mixed

inconstant - adj. likely to change frequently without apparent for cogent reason 善变的

incorporate - "(1)v. to include as part of something else 纳入 (2)v. to blend or combine 合并"

incursion - n. a sudden invasion or attack 入侵

indebted - adj. owing gratitude or recognition to another 感激的 beholden

indecorous - adj. conflicting with accepted standards of good conduct or good taste 不合礼节的

indict - v. to charge with a fault or offense 控告 excoriate

indifferent - "(1)adj. not interested in or concerned about something 冷漠的 (2)adj. marked by impartiality 公正的" apathy

indigent - adj. very poor 贫穷的 impecunious [in否定, dig挖, ent－挖不出东西－贫困的]

indiscernible - adj. impossible to see, hear, or know clearly 难以理解的 imperceptible

indiscriminate - "(1)affecting or harming many people or things in a careless or unfair way 肆意的 (2)not careful in making choices 盲目的"

indispensable - adj. extremely important and necessary 不可或缺的 essential, crucial

indubitable - adj. too evident to be doubted 不容置疑的 incontrovertible

induce - v. to cause to do something 引起 engender

industrious - adj. working very hard 勤奋的 diligent

inert - "(1)adj. unable to move 不活动的 (2)adj. very slow to move or act 惰性的" [in + exert = 不能施加作用力]

inevitable - adj. sure to happen 必然的 unavoidable, preordained, ineluctable

inexplicable - adj. not able to be explained or understand 费解的 incomprehensible

infallibility - n. incapable of error 无过失 [in + fall + ability = 不犯错的]

infamy - n. evil reputation brought about by something grossly criminal, shocking, or brutal 声名狼藉

infectious - "(1)adj. capable of causing infection 传染性的 (2)adj. spreading or capable of spreading rapidly to others 有感染力的"

inferable from - phrase. 能从...推断的 entailed by

inflammatory - adj. causing anger 煽动性的 provocative

inflate - "(1)v. to swell or distend with air or gas 使膨胀 (2)v. to think or say that is larger or more important than it really is 夸大"

informative - adj. providing information 提供信息的

ingenuous - "(1)adj. showing innocent or childlike simplicity and candidness 天真的 (2)adj. lacking craft or subtlety 真诚的"

inherent - adj. belonging to the basic nature of someone or something 固有的

inhibit - v. to keep from doing what he or she wants to do 抑制，禁止 hinder, bridle, suppress

inimical - "(1)adj. likely to cause damage or have a bad effect 有害的 (2)adj. not friendly 不友好的" antagonistic, deleterious

innate - adj. existing from the time a person or animal is born 天生的 inborn

innocuous - "(1)adj. causing no injury 无害的 (2)adj. not likely to bother or offend anyone 无意冒犯的" harmless, benign, inoffensive

innovative - adj. introducing or using new ideas or methods 创新的 experimental

insatiable - adj. always wanting more 不满足的 voracious, quenchless

inscrutable - adj. difficult to understand 难以理解的 uninformative, impenetrable, abstruse

insightful - adj. having or showing a very clear understanding of something 有洞察力的

insipid - adj. not interesting or exciting 枯燥乏味的 bland

inspire - "(1)v. to cause to happen or be created 使产生 (2)v. to cause someone to have (a feeling or emotion) 激起，引起"

insufferable - adj. not to be endured: intolerable 难以忍受的

insufficient - adj. not having or providing enough of what is needed 不充足的 meager

insular - adj. separated from other people or cultures 狭隘的 provincial, private

insulate - v. to keep separate from something unpleasant, dangerous, etc. 隔离，绝缘（不利的东西）

intelligible - adj. able to be understood 可理解的 readable

intensity - n. the degree or amount of strength or force that something has 强度

interchangeable - adj. capable of being used in place of each other 可交换的 fungible

interdependent - adj. depending on each other 相互依赖的 interrelated

intermediary - adj. acting as a mediator 调解的，中间的

interrelated - adj. having a mutual or reciprocal relation 相互联系的 interdependent

interweave - v. to twist or weave together 交织

intimate - "(1)adj. having a very close relationship 亲密的 (2)v. to say or suggest in an indirect way 暗示"

intransigent - adj. completely unwilling to change 不妥协的 obdurate, resolute

intricate - adj. having many parts 错综复杂的 convoluted

intrinsic - adj. belonging to the essential nature of a thing 本质的 inherent

intuitive - adj. agreeing with what seems naturally right 凭直觉的 spontaneous

invalidate - "(1)v. to weaken or destroy the effect of 使无效 (2)v. to show or prove to be false or incorrect 证明...错误"

invective - n. insulting or abusive language 猛烈烈抨击 [in进入, vect恶, 坏, 猛烈, ive一使用恶言－辱骂读]

invention - n. product of the imagination 虚构

inverse - "(1)adj. opposite in nature or effect 相反的 (2)n. something that is the opposite of something else 相反事物，相反数（数学）"

involved - adj. very complicated 复杂的

irascible - adj. becoming angry very easily 易怒的 exasperation

irenic - adj. favoring, conducive to, or operating toward peace, moderation, or conciliation 和平主义的 [Irene 艾琳 = 和平女神]

irksome - adj. annoying or irritating 讨厌的 [ink + some = 泼墨水的]

ironic - adj. using words that mean the opposite of what you really think especially in order to be funny 讽刺的 paradoxical

irrefutable - adj. not able to be proved wrong 无法反驳的 undeniable

irreparable - adj. too bad to be corrected or repaired 不可弥补的

irresistible - adj. impossible to resist especially because of strength or attractiveness 不可抵抗的

irresolution - n. the state of not being certain about what to do 犹豫不决 vacillation

isolationism - n. the belief that a country should not be involved with other counties 孤立主义

itinerant - adj. traveling from place to place 流动的，巡回的 peripatetic

jarring - adj. 刺耳的，不和谐的 [焖罐子般的声音]

jealous - adj. hostile toward a rival or one believed to enjoy an advantage 嫉妒的

jejune - "(1)adj. not interesting 乏味的 (2)adj. too simple 幼稚的" vapid [june六月, 做什么都是枯燥乏味的]

jettison - v. to get rid of 丢弃

judicious - adj. having or showing good judgment 审慎的

justify - v. to prove or show to be just, right, or reasonable 证明...有理

keen - adj. very excited about and interested in something 渴望的 eager

keep abreast of - phrase. 了解...的最新情况 [a一对, breast乳房―并排地 = 时刻和当前情势保持一致]

kindred - adj. alike or similar 同类的，相似的 affiliated

kinfolk - n. a person's relatives 亲戚 relative [皇帝的folks]

knotty - adj. difficult or complicated 复杂的，棘手的 complicated

laborious - adj. devoted to labor 勤劳的 arduous

laconic - adj. using few words in speech or writing 简洁的 taciturn, terse, curt

lambaste - v. to criticize very harshly 严厉批评 denounce

languish - "(1)v. to continue for a long time without activity or progress in an unpleasant or unwanted situation 失去活力 (2)v. to suffer neglect 被忽视"

lapse - "(1)n. an occurrence in which you fail to think or act in the usual or proper way for a brief time and make a mistake 错误 (2)n. an occurrence in which someone behaves badly or usually a short period of time 行为失检 (3)v. to stop for usually a brief time 终止"

largesse - n. the act of giving away money or the quality of a person who gives away money 捐赠

laudatory - adj. expressing or containing praise 赞美的

layperson - n. a member of the laity 门外汉 nonspecialist

legitimate - adj. allowed according to rules or laws 合法的

lethargic - adj. feeling a lack of energy or a lack of interest in doing things 无精打采的 somnolent, slumberous

liberation - "(1)n. the act or process of freeing someone or something from another's control 解放 (2)n. the removal of traditional social or sexual rules, attitudes, etc. 解脱" rejection

limpid - adj. marked by transparency 清晰的 pellucid

lionize - v. to treat as a very important and famous person 崇拜，把...视为名人 eulogize

list - v. to tile to one side especially of a boat of ship 倾斜 tilt [列单子必然有倾向]

live up to - phrase. 达到，不辜负

loath - adj. not wanting or willing to do something 不情愿的 reluctant, unwilling, disinclined

long-winded - adj. using too many words in speaking or writing 冗长的 verbose, prolix

loquacious - adj. liking to talk and talking smoothly and easily 健谈的 garrulous

lowly - adj. in a low position, manner, or degree 卑微的

lucid - adj. very clear and easy to understand 清晰的，易懂的

lucrative - adj. producing money or wealth 获利丰厚的

ludicrous - adj. very foolish 荒唐可笑的 risible

lugubrious - adj. full of sadness or sorrow 悲伤的 gloomy

lull - "(1)v. to cause to sleep or rest 使平静 (2)v. to cause to feel safe and relaxed instead of careful and alert 蒙蔽 (3)n. a brief time when an action or activity stops 间歇 " respite [dull 迟钝的人平静受蒙蔽]

luxuriant - "(1)adj. yielding abundantly 茂盛的 (2)adj. abundantly and often extravagantly rich and varied 丰富的" rampant [luxuriant是指植物生长茂盛，郁郁葱葱。luxurious则是指豪华奢侈，金碧辉煌]

madcap - adj. marked by capriciousness, recklessness, or foolishness 愚蠢的，鲁莽的

magnanimous - adj. showing or suggesting nobility of feeling and generosity of mind 宽宏⼤量的，慷慨的

maintain - "(1)v. to cause to exist or continue without changing 保持 (2)v. to affirm in or as if in argument 断言" assert

malady - n. a disease or illness 疾病

malfeasance - n. wrongdoing or misconduct especially by a public official 渎职 fraudulence

malignant - adj. aggressively malicious 恶性的

malinger - v. to pretend or exaggerate incapacity or illness 装病 [linger 晃荡的人爱装病]

malleable - adj. capable of being easily changed or influenced 可塑的，易变的 plastic

malodorous - adj. having a bad smell 难闻的 noisome [mal- "bad" + odorous]

manacle - v. to restrain from movement, progress, or action 束缚 [man + obstacle]

manifest - "(1)adj. able to be seen 明显的 (2)v. to show clearly 清楚显示" reveal, self-evident, obvious [manifesto 宣言]
