disproportionate - adj. being out of proportion 不成比例的

dispute - "(1)v. to engage in argument 争吵 (2)v. to call into question 质疑"

disregard - (1)v. to pay no attention to 忽视 
(2)v. to ignore or treat as unimportant 贬低 
六选二同义词：defy, contempt

dissemble - v. to hide your true feelings, opinions, etc. 伪装 duplicity

dissimilar - adj. different or unalike 不同的 heterogeneous

distend - v. to become larger and rounder because of pressure from inside 膨胀

distinctive - adj. having a quality or characteristic that makes a person or thing different from others 特别的

distribution - "(1)n. the act of giving or delivering something to people 分配 (2)n. the position, arrangement, or frequency of occurrence over an area or through a space or unit of time 分布"

divergent - adj. differing from each other or from a standard 不同的 [diverse 多样不同]

diversity - n. the quality or state of having many different forms, types, ideas, etc. 多样性，差异化 heterogeneity

diverting - adj. providing amusement or entertainment 有趣的 entertaining [对跳水感兴趣]

divest - v. to deprive or dispossess 剥夺 [di去掉, vest(n 背心; 内衣vt 使穿衣服; 授予)－脱衣; 剥夺]

divided - adj. separated by different opinions 有分歧的

divorced - adj. very different and separate from each other 分离的 untethered, abstracted

doctrinaire - adj. of, relating to, or characteristic of a person inflexibly attached toa practice or theory 教条主义的 dogmatic

documentary - adj. consisting of documents: written down 纪实的

dogmatic - adj. expressing personal opinions or beliefs as if they are certainly correct and cannot be doubted 武断的，教条主义的 doctrinaire, rigid

doom - "(1)n. very bad events or situations that cannot be avoided 厄运 (2)v. to make certain to fail, suffer, die, etc. 使...在劫难逃"

douse - v. extinguish 熄灭 extinguish [de + rouse 不唤醒 = 弄灭]

dovish - adj. in favor of using peaceful and diplomatic methods to achieve something, rather than using force and violence 和平主义的 pacific
[dove 鸽子的]

hawkish - adj. 鹰派的；强硬派的

downplay - v. to make seem smaller or less important 不予重视

drag - "(1)n. someone or something that makes action or progress slower or more difficult 拖累 (2)v. to pull (someone or something that is heavy or difficult to move) 拖拉"

dramatic - "(1)adj. sudden and extreme 剧烈的 (2)adj. attracting attention 引人注目的" spectacular

draw - v. to cause to come 吸引 elicit

dreary - adj. causing unhappiness or sad feelings 枯燥乏味的 tedious

droll - adj. having an odd and amusing quality 滑稽的
[r + doll = 戴花的洋娃娃]

dubious - "(1)adj. unsure or uncertain 不确定的 (2)adj. causing doubt, uncertainty, or suspicion 可疑的 " suspect

dull - adj. not exciting or interesting 乏味的

dump - v. to leave or get rid of quickly or without concern 倾倒，丢下 disgorge

duplicate - v. to make an exact copy of 复制

duplicity - n. dishonest behavior that is meant to trick someone 欺骗 dissemblance
[有多重身份的城市]

durable - adj. staying strong and in good condition over a long period of time 持久的

dwindle - v. to gradually become smaller 逐渐减少，逐渐变小 contract

easygoing - adj. relaxed and casual in style or manner 悠闲的 affable

ebb - v. to get worse 衰退 wane, decline

eclipse - "(1)n. a loss of power, success, popularity, etc. 衰退 (2)v. to make less important or popular 使...不重要，胜过" outdo

economic - adj. profitable 有利可图的 pecuniary

economy - n. careful use of money, resources, etc. 节约 brevity

ecstasy - n. a state of very great happiness 狂喜 euphoria
[ec出, stasy站一高兴得站立出来一狂喜]

efficacy - n. the power to produce a desired result or effect 功效

effusive - adj. expressing a lot of emotion 溢于言表的，感情丰富的 emotional

self-effacing - adj. 谦让的；谦逊的；不出风头的

egalitarian - adj. aiming for equal wealth, status, etc. 平等主义的
[egalitarian]

egregious - adj. very bad and easily noticed 臭名昭著的 flagrant
[e + gre = 上研究生必须考GRE是臭名昭著的]

elate - v. to make very happy and excited 使...高兴

elegiac - adj. written in or consisting of elegiac couplets 哀悼的 plaintive [长津湖 腿骨都露出来了]

elemental - adj. of, relating to, or being the basic or essential constituent of something 基本的 rudimentary

elicit - v. to call forth or draw out 引出 draw out
[往出 list]

eliminate - "(1)v. to remove (something that is not wanted or needed) 消除
(2)v. to defeat and remove from a competition 淘汰"
extirpate, put to rest

elite - n. the people who have the most wealth and status in a society 精英

elongate - v. to make longer or to grow longer 拉长
[e + long]

eloquent - adj. marked by forceful and fluent expression 雄辩的 rhetoric

elude - "(1)v. to avoid or escape by being quick, skillful, or clever 避开 (2)v. to fail to be understood or remembered by 不能被...理解" puzzle

elusive - "(1)adj. hard to find or capture 难抓住的 (2)adj. hard to understand, define, or remember 难理解的" slippery, evasive, cryptic

embed - v. to place or set firmly in something else 嵌入

emblematic - adj. representing something that cannot be seen by itself 象征的 totemic [emblem象征,微章]

embody - "(1)v. to represent in a clear and obvious way 象征 (2)v. to include as a part of feature 包括" [em, body(n 身体)－是变成身体－具象化]

embrace - v. to accept readily or gladly 欣然接受

embryonic - adj. being in an early stage of development 萌芽期的 rudimentary

emendation - n. an alteration designed to correct or improve 修订 revision [amend]

emergent - "(1)adj. arising unexpectedly 意外的 (2)adj. newly formed or prominent 新兴的"

eminent - adj. successful, well-known and respected 杰出的 famous

empirical - adj. based on testing or experience 根据实证或经验的

employ - "(1)v. to use for a particular purpose or to do something 使用 (2)v. to use or get the services of to do a particular job 雇用"

empower - v. to give official authority or legal power to 授权

emulate - "(1)v. to try to be like 模仿 (2)v. to strive to equal or excel 努力赶超" imitate

enamor - v. to cause to be loved or admired 使迷恋 favor, captivate, hooked on

encomium - n. glowing and warmly enthusiastic praise 赞美 tribute

encumber - v. to impede or hamper the function or activity of 妨碍

encyclopedic - adj. dealing with or knowing a subject thoroughly or completely 广博的，全面的 exhaustive, polymathic

endemic - adj. restricted or peculiar to a locality or region 地方性的 native, domestic, indigenous

endorse - v. to publicly or officially say that you support or approve of 支持 sanction, commend, support, authorize

endowment - "(1)n. the act of providing money to create or support a school, organization, etc. 捐赠 (2)n. a person's natural ability or talent 天赋"

enduring - adj. lasting, durable 持久的

energize - v. to give energy or excitement to 使...活跃

enfeeble - v. deprive of strength 使衰弱

engaging - adj. very attractive or pleasing in a way that holds your attention 迷人的 winning

engender - v. to cause to exist or to develop 导致 yield, induce
[en- = 进入 + gen = 产生 + gender]

enhance - v. to increase or improve 提高，改善 hone

enigmatic - adj. full of mystery and difficult to understand 神秘难懂的 perplexing

enrich - v. to make rich or richer especially by the addition or increase of some desirable quality, attribute, or ingredient 使丰富

ensue - v. to happen as a result 随即发生
[en + sue = 随即走法律程序]

entailed by - v. to impose, involve, or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result 使需要，导致 inferable from
[文章结尾end tail必须]

entangle - v. to cause to get caught in or twisted with something else 使纠缠

enterprising - adj. having or showing the ability or desire to do new and difficult things 有进取心的

entreat - v. to ask in a serious and emotional way 恳求

entrench - v. to place in a very strong position that cannot easily be changed 使...牢固，确立

enviable - adj. causing envy: very desirable 令人羡慕的 coveted
[envy]

ephemeral - adj. lasting a very short time 短暂的 transitory, short-lived

equable - adj. tending to remain calm 平静的

equanimity - n. calm emotions when dealing with problems or pressure 镇定

equivalent - adj. having the same value, use, meaning, etc. 相同的，等价的 commensurate

equivocal - adj. not easily understood or explained 模棱两可的 ambiguous

erode - v. to diminish or destroy by degrees 腐蚀

errant - "(1)adj. moving about aimlessly or irregularly 不定的 (2)adj. behaving wrongly 行为错误的" wayward

erratic - adj. acting, moving, or changing in ways that are not expected or usual 难以预测的 fickle, versatile, volatile, flighty, capricious

erroneous - adj. not correct 错误的 inaccurate

erstwhile - adj. in the past 过去的 onetime
[east + while = 东部已经是过去的]

erudite - adj. having or showing knowledge that is learned by studying 博学的 learned

eschew - v. to avoid especially because you do not think it is right, proper, etc. 避免

esoteric - adj. hard to understand 深奥难懂的 recondite, arcane, abstruse

espouse - v. to express support for 拥护 champion, advocate, defend

essential - "(1)adj. extremely important and necessary 完全必要的 (2)adj. very basic 基本的" indispensable

established - adj. well known because it has existed for a long time 老牌的，已经确立的

estrange - v. to cause someone to be no longer friendly or close to another person or group 使疏远 unlinked, disaffect

eternal - adj. lasting forever 永恒的

eulogize - v. to speak or write in high praise of 赞美 lionize

euphoria - n. a feeling of great happiness and excitement 狂喜 ecstasy

evanescent - adj. lasting a very short time 短暂的 momentary

evangelist - n. an enthusiastic advocate 热情的推动者 (福音传教士;巡回布道者)

evasive - adj. tending or intended to evade: equivocal 逃避的，闪烁其词的 elusive, equivocal

evenhanded - adj. not favoring one side or group over another 公平的 impartial

evolve - v. to change or develop slowly often into a better, more complex, or more advanced state 逐渐发展

exacerbate - v. to make more violent, bitter, or severe 使恶化 aggravate

exacting - adj. requiring much time, attention, or effort from someone 严格的 prescriptive, rigorous, demanding

exactitude - n. the quality or state of being accurate and correct 精确性 meticulousness

exaggerate - v. to think of or describe something as larger or greater than it really is 夸大 hyperbole, overrate

exalt - v. to praise highly 赞扬 valorize

exasperation - n. the state of being very annoyed or upset 恼怒 irascibility

exceptional - "(1)adj. not usual 不寻常的 (2)adj. much better than average 杰出的" preternatural

excoriate - v. to criticize very harshly 严厉指责 indict, crab
[ex出, cor = core(n 果核; 核心)－使核心出来－ 他的文章批评了核心问题]

exculpate - v. to prove that someone is not guilty of doing something wrong 开脱罪行 vindicate

exemplary - "(1)adj. extremely good and deserving to be admired and copied 楷模的 (2)adj. serving as an example of something 典型的" model

exhaustive - adj. very thorough 全面的 encyclopedic, comprehensive

exhilarate - v. to make cheerful and excited 使兴奋

exigent - adj. requiring immediate attention 迫切的 pressing

exiguous - adj. excessive scanty 稀少的 tenuous
[ex- = 离开 + 1 gu = 跑到只剩一股]

exonerate - v. to prove that someone is not guilty of a crime or responsible for a problem, bad situation, etc. 免罪 absolve

expansion - n. the act of becoming bigger or of making something bigger 扩张，增加 augmentation, burgeoning

expel - v. to officially force to leave a place or organization 开除，驱逐 oust

experimental - "(1)adj. relating to a scientific experiment or to scientific experiments in general 实验的 (2)adj. using a new way of doing or thinking about something 创新的" innovative

explicit - "(1)adj. fully revealed or expressed without vagueness, implication, or ambiguity 直截了当的 (2)adj. fully developed or formulated 详述的"
[explain]

exploit - "(1)v. to get value or use form 利用 (2)v. to use in a way that helps you unfairly 剥削"

external - adj. coming from outside 外部的

extinguish - "(1)v. to cause to stop burning 熄灭 (2)v. to cause the end or death of 毁灭" douse
[extinct 灭绝的]

extirpate - v. to destroy or remove completely 根除 eliminate

extol - v. to praise highly 赞扬 applaud

extraneous - adj. not forming a necessary part of something 无关的 irrelevant

extrapolate - n. to form an opinion or to make an estimate about something from known facts 推断
[推断extra额外, pol = poll投票 = 推断出口民調]

interpolate - v.插入(言语，文字)；篡改

extravagant - adj. more than is usual, necessary, or proper 过度的，浪费的

extremist - n. people who use violent or extreme methods 极端分子 zealot

exuberant - "(1)adj. very lively, happy, or energetic 热情洋溢的 (2)adj. existing in large amounts 过度的"

eye-catching - adj. very noticeable 引人注目的

facile - adj. not showing enough thought or effort 肤浅的，轻率的

facilitate - v. help bring about 促进，加快 further

factious - adj. of or relating to faction 宗派的，派系的 schism
[fact + ous = 各方都觉得拥有真理 = 全是派系]

fairness - n. the act of treating people in a way that does not favor some over others 公平 objectivity

fallacious - adj. containing a mistake 谬误的

fanciful - "(1)adj. coming from the imagination 想象的 (2)adj. existing in fancy only 不切实际的"

fascinate - v. to cause to be very interested in 使着迷

fastidious - adj. showing or demanding excessive delicacy or care 挑剔的，极其注重细节的

fathom - v. to penetrate and come to understand 理解

faultless - adj. irreproachable 无可挑剔的 perfect

favorable - "(1)adj. showing approval 赞同的
(2)adj. marked by success 有利的"
auspicious

fealty - n. loyalty to a person, group, etc. 忠诚
[fidelity(n 忠实; 忠诚)的变体; fid相信－忠诚因为fear所以fealty]

feckless - adj. having or resulting from a weak character or nature 软弱的

feeble - adj. markedly lacking in strength 虚弱的

feedback - n. helpful information or criticism that is given to someone to say what can be done to improve a performance, product, etc. 反馈

feigned - adj. not genuine or real 假的 false
[foreign + reign 外来的冒充想要统治]

fervor - n. a strong feeling of excitement and enthusiasm 热忱

fester - v. to become worse as time passes 恶化
[加速党e化]

fickle - adj. changing often 善变的 versatile, volatile, flighty, erratic, capricious

fiery - "(1)adj. full of or exuding emotion or spirit 热烈的 (2)adj. easily provoked 暴躁的" impassioned
[fire + ary = 像火一样的]

figurative - adj. showing people and things in a way that resembles how they really look 比喻的，象征的 symbolic

filter - n. a device that is used to remove something unwanted from a liquid or gas that passes through it 过滤器

fitting - adj. of a kink that is appropriate for the situation or purpose 合适的 apposite

fixated - adj. arrested in development or adjustment 过分迷恋的 obsessed
[好想跟你fix在一起]

flagrant - adj. conspicuously offensive 明目张胆的 egregious

fleeting - adj. lasting for only a short time 短暂的 momentary

flexibility - n. the state of being easily changed 灵活性，适应性 adaptability, suppleness

flourish - "(1)v. to grow well 繁茂 (2)v. to be very successful 兴旺 (3)v. to hold up and show in an excited or proud way 炫耀"

flout - v. to break or ignore without hiding what you are doing or showing fear of shame 公然藐视 spurn, defy, disregard

fluctuate - v. to change level, strength, or value frequently 波动，摇摆不定 vary, vacillate

flummery - n. mummery, mumbo jumbo 假恭维，胡言乱语
[flu + mummery = 打完针说胡话]

flummox - v. confuse 使困惑 confound
[ful + max = 打完针脑子不转]

flush with - v. 由于...而脸红

forbear - v. to choose not to do 克制
[为了捕熊要克制]

foreground - "(1)v. to make more important 使重要，使显眼 (2)n. an important position 重要位置"

forerunner - "(1)n. someone or something that comes before another 先驱 (2)n. a sign of something that is going to happen 预兆" precursor

foresee - v. to see beforehand 预见 anticipate

foresight - n. the ability to see what will or might happen in the future 先见之明

forestall - "(1)v. to stop from happening or to cause to happen at a later time 预先阻止 (2)v. to act before in order to prevent something 提前行动" stave off, avert, prevent

forge - "(1)v. to form by heating and hammering 锻造 (2)v. to make or imitate falsely especially with intent to defraud 伪造" fabricate

forgo - v. to give up the use or enjoyment of 放弃

formidable - "(1)adj. causing fear, dread, or apprehension 可怕的 (2)adj. tending to inspire awe or wonder 令人敬畏的 (3)adj. very difficult to deal with 难对付的" daunting

formulaic - adj. being not original and having been used many times before in similar situations 老套的，公式化的 canned

forsake - v. to give up or leave entirely 抛弃 neglect

foster - "(1)v. affording, receiving, or sharing nurture or parental care though not related by blood or legal ties 养育 (2)v. to help grow or develop 促进" spur, adopt

foundation - "(1)n. the act of founding 创建 (2)n. a basis upon which something stands or is supported 基础，根据" inception, bedrock

founder - "(1)v. to experience failure 失败 (2)n. one founds or establishes 创建人"

fractious - "(1)adj. full of anger and disagreement 易怒的 (2)adj. hard to manage or control 难对付的" restive, skittish
[fract骨折, 碎裂, ious多－总是骨折－脾气易怒的]

fraudulent - adj. done to trick someone for the purpose of getting something valuable 欺骗性的 malfeasant

fringe - n. edge, periphery 边缘 marginal, peripheral

frugal - adj. simple and plain 简朴的 thrifty

frustrating - adj. causing feelings of anger and annoyance 令人沮丧的

fund - "(1)n. an amount of money that is used for a special purpose 资金 (2)v. to provide money for 为...提供资金"

fundamental - adj. forming or relating to the most important part of something 基本的，根本的

fungible - adj. interchangeable 可取代的 interchangeable
[fund + exchangeable]

fusion - n. a combination or mixture of things 融合 synthesis

fusty - "(1)adj. full of dust and unpleasant smells 霉臭的 (2)adj. very old-fashioned 守旧的" obsolete, outmoded
[fu + rusty = 腐朽守旧的]

futile - adj. pointless or useless 无用的 pointless

futurity - n. time to come: future 未来

gaffe - n. a mistake made in a social situation 失礼

gainsay - v. to declare to be untrue or invalid 否认

galvanize - v. to stimulate or excite as if by an electric shock 激励 animate, rouse

garrulous - adj. tending to talk a lot 喋喋不休的 loquacious

gauge - "(1)v. to measure exactly 估计，判断 (2)n. an instrument that is used for measuring something 衡量仪器" reckon

general - "(1)adj. involving, applicable to, or affecting the whole 普遍的 (2)adj. not specific 笼统的" abstract

generate - v. to produce or cause to be produced 产生 originate
