preside - v. to be in charge of something 主持

pressing - adj. urgently important 紧迫的，重要的 exigent, critical

prestige - n. the respect and admiration that someone or something gets for being successful or important 威望

preternatural - adj. very unusual in a way that does not seem natural 异乎寻常的 exceptional

pretext - n. a reason that you give to hide your real reason for doing something 借口 [之前没拿书]

prevail - "(1)v. to be usual, common, or popular 流行 (2)v. to defeat an opponent especially in a long or difficult contest 占优势"

prevalent - adj. accepted, done, or happening often or over a large area at a particular time 流行的，普遍的 widespread, extensive

prevaricate - v. to deviate from the truth 闪烁其词 [pre预先+vari+ate=预先变得法子偷吃]

primitive - "(1)adj. of, belonging to, or seeming to come from an early time in the very ancient past 原始的 (2)adj. very simple and basic 初级的，简陋的" rudimentary, ancient

pristine - "(1)adj. belonging to the earliest period or state 原始的 (2)adj. not spoiled, corrupted, or polluted 崭新的" unblemished

privilege - n. a right or immunity granted as a peculiar benefit, advantage, or favor 特权

probity - n. the quality of a person who is completely honest 诚实，正直

proclaim - "(1)v. to say or state in a public, official, or definite way 宣布 (2)v. to show clearly 表明" profess

proclivity - n. a strong natural liking for something that is usually bad 倾向，嗜好 predilection [pro向前, cliv斜坡, ity－向前斜－倾向]

prodigious - adj. extraordinary in bulk, quantity, or degree 巨大的 voracious

profess - "(1)v. to say or declare openly 公开宣称 (2)v. to believe in (a particular religion) 信奉 " proclaim [pro + confess = 提前坦白信仰]

proficient - adj. good at doing something 精通的 adept

profitmonger - n. 唯利是图的人，商人

profligate - adj. wildly extravagant 挥霍的 extravagant, prodigal

profound - "(1)adj. having or showing great knowledge or understanding 渊博的 (2)adj. difficult to understand 深奥的 (3)adj. coming from, reaching to, or situated at a depth 深刻的" trenchant

profusion - n. a large amount of something 大量 wealth

proliferate - v. to increase in number or amount quickly 激增 abound [pro + life = 促进life出现]

prolix - adj. using too many words 冗长的 verbose, long-winded

prominent - adj. easily notice or seen 显著的 conspicuous, salient

promise - "(1)n. an indication of future success or improvement 成功前景 (2)n. a reason to expect that something will happen in the future 希望"

prompt - "(1)v. to cause to do something 促使 (2)adj. performed readily or immediately 迅捷的"

prophetic - adj. forestelling events 有预见的 prescient

propitious - adj. likely to have or produce good results 吉利的 auspicious [pro + pity]

proponent - n. a person who argues for or supports something 支持者 defender, champion

proprietary - "(1)adj. used, made, or sold only by the particular person or company that has the legal right to do so 专利的 (2)adj. kept private by an owner 私人独有的"

prosaic - adj. dull or ordinary 乏味的

protean - "(1)adj. able to change into many different forms or able to do many different things 变化多端的 (2)adj. displaying great diversity or variety 多才多艺的" versatile [pro专业的tea有多种的]

protract - "(1)v. delay, defer 拖延 (2)v. to extend forward or outward 延长"

provenance - n. the origin or source of something 起源 origin [pro前, ven = vent来, ance－前面来得东西－起源]

provincial - "(1)adj. not knowing or caring about people and events in other places 狭隘的 (2)adj. of, relating to, or coming from a province 省的" insular

provisional - adj. serving for the time being 临时的，暂时的

provocative - "(1)adj. causing discussion, thought, argument, etc. 引发的 (2)adj. serving or tending to provoke, excite, or stimulate 挑衅的" inflammatory

proximity - n. the state of being near 接近

prudent - adj. having or showing careful good judgment 审慎的 circumspect, provident

prying - adj. trying to find out about other people's private lives 窥探的，爱打听的 [spy(n 特工人员; v 侦察)]

pseudonym - n. a name that someone uses instead of his or her real name 笔名，假名

pugnacious - adj. showing a readiness or desire to fight or argue 好斗的 truculent, belligerent

puncture - "(1)v. to weaken, damage, or destroy suddenly or in a way that causes surprise or embarrassment 削弱，破坏
(2)v. to make a hole in with a sharp point 刺孔" [punct+ure→点[进去]→刺穿]

purport - "(1)v. to claim to be or do a particular thing when this claim may not be true （假意）声称 (2)n. the main or general meaning of something 意义"

purveyor - n. one that purveys 供应商

purview - n. an area within which someone or something has authority, influence, or knowledge 范围 [our + view = 我们的视觉范围]

put to rest - phrase. 排除 eliminated

quaff - v. to drink a large amount of quickly 痛饮 imbibe [夸父(追日), 是渴死的, 需要畅饮.]

qualify - "(1)v. to give the necessary skill or knowledge to do a particular job or activity 使有资格 (2)v. to limit or modify the meaning of 限定"

qualm - n. a feeling of uneasiness about a point 不不安，疑虑 [有question + 不calm]

quash - "(1)v. to suppress or extinguish summarily and completely 平息 (2)v. to nullify especially by judicial action 否决" [quell + ash = 镇压成灰]

query - v. to ask questions or express doubt about 质疑

quiescent - adj. marked by inactivity or repose 不活跃的，静止的 abeyant, calm

quirky - adj. odd or unpredictable in their appearance, character, or behavior. 奇怪的 unconventional

quixotic - adj. hopeful or romantic in a way that is not practical 不切实际的 idealistic

quotidian - "(1)adj. ordinary or very common 普通的，常见的 (2)adj. done each day 日常的" workday [买车每天问quote]

radical - "(1)adj. having extreme political or social views that are not shared by most people 激进的 (2)adj. very basic and important 基本的，根本的"

raillery - n. friendly joking about or with somebody 开玩笑 banter

rally - v. to muster for a common purpose 团结，集会

rampant - adj. growing quickly and in a way that is difficult to control 泛滥的，疯长的 luxuriant

rant - "(1)v. to talk loudly and in a way that shows anger 咆哮 (2)v. to scold vehemently 严厉批评" diatribe

rapacious - adj. excessively grasping or covetous 贪婪的 avaricious

rapprochement - n. the development of friendlier relations between countries or groups of people who have been enemies 和解 reconciliation [re + approach = 重新开始交流]

rationale - n. the reason or explanation for something 根本原因，逻辑依据

rattle - v. to make nervous 使紧张，使不安 [rat偷, 老鼠偷东西要把门咬一个洞－使格格作响]

reactivate - v. to make it work again after a period in which it has not been working 恢复

readable - "(1)adj. clear and easy to read 清晰易懂的 (2)adj. easy and enjoyable to read 可读性强的" intelligible

realize - "(1)v. to understand or become aware of 意识到 (2)v. to achieve 实现" achieve

rebuff - v. to refuse in a rude way 拒绝 [重新给buff之后有了拒绝权]

recalcitrant - adj. obstinately defiant of authority or restraint 倔强反抗的

recant - v. to publicly say that you no longer have an opinion or belief that you once had 宣布放弃 repudiate [re反, cant唱一唱反调]

recapitulate - v. to give a brief summary of something 概括 [recap]

recast - v. remodel, refashion 改写 [re + cast = 换了cast要改剧本]

reckon - "(1)v. to regard or think of as 认为 (2)v. estimate, compute 估计" gauge

recoil - v. to quickly move away from something that is shocking, frightening, or disgusting 畏缩，后退 shrink [re后退因为国内发现oil了]

reconciliation - n. the act of causing two people or groups to become friendly again after an argument or disagreement 和解 rapprochement

recondite - adj. not understood or known by many people 晦涩难懂的 esoteric, arcane, abstruse

recrudescent - adj. breaking out again 复发的 resurgent [re再+ crud (生) +esce→再次恶化→复发]

redouble - v. to greatly increase the size or amount of 大量增加

redundant - adj. repeating something else and therefore unnecessary 多余的

regular - adj. happening or done very often 常出现的 abundant

rehabilitate - v. to restore to a former state 恢复 restore

rehash - v. to present again in a slightly different form 老调重弹，炒冷饭 recycle

rein - v. to control or direct with or as if with reins 统治，控制

reinvent - v. to make major changes or improvements to 改造

rejection - n. the action of rejecting 拒绝，排斥 liberation from

relic - n. something that is from a past time, place, culture, etc. 遗迹 vestige

relief - n. the removal or reducing of something that is painful or unpleasant 解脱 respite

relinquish - v. to give up 放弃 cede

relish - v. to enjoy or take pleasure in 享受 delight in [re反复, lish力士(香皂): 反复用力士香皂, 因为喜欢.]

reluctant - adj. feeling or showing doubt about doing something: not willing or eager to do something 不情愿的 unwilling, loath

remarkable - adj. unusual or surprising: likely to be noticed 显著而惊讶的

remedy - "(1)n. a medicine or treatment that relieves pain or cures a usually minor illness 治疗药物 (2)n. a way of solving or correcting a problem 改进措施 (3)v. to solve, correct, or improve 纠正，弥补" panacea

remiss - adj. not showing enough care and attention 懈怠的 dilatory [多次miss课]

renaissance - n. a period of new growth or activity 复兴 revival

render - v. to reproduce or represent by artistic or verbal means 呈现，再现

reprehensible - adj. deserving very strong criticism 应受谴责的 deplorable

repudiate - "(1)v. to refuse to accept or support 拒绝承认 (2)v. to refuse to having anything to do with 与...断绝关系" recant

requisite - adj. needed for a particular purpose 必需的 essential

resemblance - n. the state of looking or being like someone or something else 相似 homogeneity

reserved - "(1)adj. restrained in words and actions 保守的，话少的 (2)adj. kept or set apart or aside for future or special use 预留的 "

resolve - "(1)v. to find an answer or solution to 解决 (2)v. to make a definite and serious decision to do something 决定 (3)n. a strong determination to do something 决心" tenacity

resonate - "(1)v. to have particular meaning or importance for someone 对某人有重要性 (2)v. to continue to produce a loud, clear, deep sound for a long time 共振 (3)v. to relate harmoniously 一致" ring true

respite - n. an interval of rest or relief 喘息 lull, relief, break [国足rest + spit]

responsive - adj. quick to react or respond 反应敏捷的

restive - adj. feeling bored or impatient while waiting for something to happen or change 躁动不安的 fractious

restorative - adj. having the ability to make a person feel strong or healthy again 恢复健康的 tonic

restrain - "(1)v. to prevent from doing something 阻止 (2)v. to keep under control 控制"

resurgent - adj. experiencing or tending to bring about renewal or revival 复兴的

retain - v. to keep in a position, job, etc. 保持

reticent - adj. not willing to tell people about things 缄默的

retreat - n. movement away from a place or situation especially because it is dangerous, unpleasant, etc. 撤退

reverence - n. honor or respect that is felt for or shown to 尊敬 veneration

reverse - v. to change to an opposite state or condition 转向，颠倒

revision - n. a change or a set of changes that corrects or improves something 修订 emendation

revolutionary - adj. causing or related to a great complete change 革命性的

riddle - n. a mystifying, misleading, or puzzling question posed as a problem to be solved or guessed 谜 conundrum, enigma, puzzle

ridicule - "n. the act of making fun of someone or something in a cruel or harsh way 嘲弄 v. to laugh at and make jokes about in a cruel or harsh way 嘲笑" derision

rigor - n. the quality or state of being very exact, careful, or strict 严格

ring true - phrase. 听来真实 resonate

risible - adj. deserving to be laughed at 可笑的 ludicrous [(de)risive + able]

ritualize - v. to make a ritual of 使...程式化

robust - "(1)adj. strong and healthy 健壮的 (2)adj. successful or impressive and not likely to fail or weaken 强有力的" strong

routine - adj. of a commonplace or repetitious character 平凡乏味的

row - n. a noisy disturbance or quarrel 争吵 [排队通常有争吵]

rudimentary - "(1)adj. basic or simple 基本的 (2)adj. not very developed or advanced 未完全发布的" primitive, sketchy, embryonic, sketchy, elemental

rule out - phrase. 排除 preclude

ruminate - v. to think carefully and deeply about something 认真思考

sacrifice - n. something given up or lost 牺牲

sacrosanct - adj. too important and respected to be changed, criticized, etc. 神圣不可改变的

safeguard - v. to make safe or secure 保卫 preserve

salient - adj. very important or noticeable 显著的，重要的 visible, prominent, obtrusive, conspicuous

salubrious - adj. making good health possible or likely 有益健康的 [sa三, lu鹿(茸), bri = bring, ous－带来三个鹿茸－有益健康的]

salutary - adj. having a good or helpful result especially after something unpleasant has happened 有益的

salvational - adj. 救世主般的 [salv,sav=save,表示"救助 (salvage)]

sanctimonious - adj. pretending to be morally better than other people 假装（比别人）圣洁的 preachy, didactic

sanction - "(1)n. an action that is taken or an order that is given to force a country to obey international laws by limiting or stopping trade with that country, by not allowing economic aid for that country, etc. （经济）制裁 (2)v. to officially accept or allow 批准" endorse

sanguine - adj. confident and hopeful 乐观的 optimistic

sanity - "(1)n. the condition of having a healthy mind 精神正常 (2)n. the condition of being based on reason or good judgment 通情达理" [san,sanit=healthy,表示"健康的"]

sartorial - adj. of or relating to clothes 裁缝的，制衣的 [sartor = tailor(n 裁缝), ial－裁缝的]

scant - adj. very small in size or amount 缺乏的 limited

scarce - adj. very small in amount or number 缺乏的 deficient

scaremonger - n. one inclined to raise or excite alarms especially needlessly 危言耸听者

schism - n. a division among the members of a group that occurs because they disagree on something 分裂 factiousness

scorn - v. reject or dismiss as contemptible or unworthy 鄙视

scrutinize - v. to examine carefully especially in a critical way 仔细检查

secondhand - adj. not original 间接的

secure - "(1)v. to get secure usually lasting possession or control of 获得 
(2)adj. protected from danger or harm 安全的，牢固的" capture, earn

self-aggrandizing - adj. 自我扩张的（仅用于抽象事物）

self-defeating - adj. 对⾃身不不利的 [自己打败自己的]

self-effacing - adj. not like talking about themselves or drawing attention to themselves 谦逊的，不出风头的

self-evident - adj. clearly true and requiring no proof or explanation 不证自明的 manifest

self-perpetuating - adj. 自续的

seminal - adj. having a strong influence on ideas, works, events, etc., that come later 开创性的 [semin种, al－种子的－有创见的]

senescence - adj. the state of being old or the process of becoming old 衰老 decrepitude

sequential - adj. of, relating to, or arranged in a particular order or sequence 连续的，顺序的 successive

sequester - v. to set apart 隔绝

sever - v. to put or keep apart 割断，断绝 [see you forever]

shackle - "(1)n. something that prevents people from acting freely 束缚 (2)v. to put shackles on 束缚 " stifle [shackle戴在脚上shake(v 摇晃)]

shallow - adj. penetrating only the easily or quickly perceived 肤浅的

sham - n. cheep falseness 假东西，赝品

shirk - v. to avoid doing something that you are supposed to do 逃避 [shrink 收缩；退缩 n退缩 i逃避]

shoddy - adj. poorly done or made 粗制滥造的 [稍低－质量稍微有一点儿低 shopping day]

short-lived - adj. living or lasting for a short time 短暂的 ephemeral

shortcoming - n. an imperfection or lack that detracts from the whole 缺点 fault

shrewd - adj. having or showing an ability to understand things and to make good judgments 精明的 canny, artful

shriek - v. to make a loud, high-pitched cry 尖叫 caterwaul

shrink - "(1)v. to quickly move away from something shocking, frightening, or disgusting 退缩，回避 (2)v. to become smaller in amount, size, or value 缩小，减少" recoil

shun - v. to avoid 避免 eschew

shy away - phrase. 回避

sidestep - v. bypass, evade 回避 circumvent

sift - v. to go through very carefully in order to find something useful or valuable 筛选 [shift切换成一批好的]

signal - "(1)n. sign, indication 信号，标志 (2)v. to be a sign of 表明 (3)adj. very important or great 显著的，重要的"

signify - v. to be a sign of 表明 betoken

simmer with - phrase. 内⼼充满 [i 到了summer 即将沸腾的状态内心充满能量]

simplicity - "(1)n. the state of being simple, uncomplicated, or uncompounded 简单 (2)n. lack of subtlety or penetration 简朴 " artlessness

singular - "(1)adj. of or relating to a separate person or thing 单一的 (2)adj. distinguished by superiority 非凡的 (3)adj. departing from general usage or expectation 异常的" unique

skeptical - adj. having or expressing doubt about something 怀疑的 unimpressed

sketchy - "(1)adj. roughly outlined 粗略的 (2)adj. wanting in completeness, clearness, or substance: slight, superficial 不完全的" rudimentary, superficial, undeveloped

skittish - adj. easily frightened or excited 易受惊的 restive, fractious

skullduggery - n. secret or dishonest behavior or activity 欺诈 [skull + dig = 钻别人脑子]

slapdash - adj. quick and careless 草率的 [slap拍打, dash冲撞－做事撞来撞去－草率的]

sleazy - "(1)adj. dirty and in bad condition form being neglected 肮脏的 (2)adj. dishonest or immoral 不诚实的，邪恶的" sordid [s死, leazy = lazy(adj 懒惰的)－因为懒惰而死的人]

slight - "(1)v. to offend or insult 轻视 (2)adj. very small in degree or amount 微不足道的" disparage

slippery - "(1)adj. not precise or fixed in meaning: ambiguous, elusive 难以抓住的，棘手的 (2)adj. not to be trusted 不可靠的" elusive

sluggish - adj. moving slowly or lazily 缓慢的 dilatory, listless

slumberous - adj. marked by or suggestive of a state of sleep or lethargy 昏睡的 lethargic

slur - "(1)n. an insulting or disparaging remark or innuendo 贬低 (2)v. to make indistinct 使...模糊" aspersion

smother - "(1)v. to try to keep from happening 抑制 (2)v. to kill by depriving of air 使窒息而死"

snag - n. a concealed or unexpected difficulty or obstacle 障碍 hitch [被小东西勾住]

snobbish - adj. being, characteristic of, or befitting a snob 势利的

snub - v. to ignore in a deliberate and insulting way 冷落 slight [死牛B! 你怎么那么牛B呀]

sobering - adj. making you feel serious and thoughtful 严肃的 staid

sociable - adj. inclined by nature to companionship with others of the same species 好交际的 gregarious

solemn - adj. very serious or formal in manner 严肃的 somber

solidarity - n. a feeling of unity between people who have the same interests, goals, etc. 团结 camaraderie

somber - "(1)adj. of a serious mien 严肃的 (2)adj. of a dull or heavy cast or shade 昏暗的" solemn

somnolent - "(1)adj. tired and ready to fall asleep 昏睡的 (2)adj. causing a person to fall asleep 催眠的" lethargic

soothe - "(1)v. by please by or as if by attention or concern 平息 (2)v. relieve, alleviate 减轻" deflate

sophist - "(1)n. a captious or fallacious reasoner 诡辩者 (2)n. philosopher 哲学家"

sophisticated - "(1)adj. highly developed and complex 复杂的 (2)adj. finely experienced and aware 老练的"

sordid - "(1)adj. very dirty 肮脏的 (2)adj. very bad or dishonest 卑鄙的，不诚实的"

sound - "(1)adj. in good health 健康的 (2)adj. free from mistakes 正确的 (3)adj. solid and strong 可靠的" unassailable, valid

sovereignty - "(1)n. unlimited power over a country 至高无上的权利 (2)n. a country's independent authority and the right to govern itself 主权"

spartan - "(1)adj. marked by simplicity, frugality, or avoidance of luxury and comfort 简朴的 (2)n. a person of great courage and self-discipline 勇敢守纪律的人"

specious - adj. falsely appearing to be fair, just, or right 虚假的 artificial, forged, fabricated, spurious

spectacular - adj. causing wonder and admiration 壮观的 dramatic

speculation - n. ideas or guesses about something that is not known 推测 conjecture

spontaneous - adj. done or said in a natural and often sudden way and without a lot of thought or planning 自发的 intuitive

sporadic - adj. occurring occasionally, singly, or in irregular or random instances 零星的 occasional, fitful

spur - v. to incite to action or accelerated growth or development 激励 foster

spurious - adj. not genuine, sincere, or authentic 虚假的 artificial, implausible
