chastise - v. to criticize harshly for doing something wrong 严厉批评 castigate

check - n. a sudden stoppage of a forward course or progress 阻止 stem

cheerless - adj. not causing happiness or warm feelings 阴郁的 gloomy

cherish - "(1)v. to feel or show great love for 珍爱 (2)v. to remember or hold in a deeply felt way 怀有"

chic - adj. following the current fashion or style 时髦的 elegant

chimera - n. something that exists only in the imagination and is not possible in reality 幻想 illusion [看电影的]

choreograph - v. to arrange or direct the movements, progress, or detail of 精心安排

churlish - adj. not polite 无礼的 [进church不能的]

circuitous - adj. not straight, short, and direct 拐弯抹角的 indirect

circumscribe - v. to limit the size or amount of 限制 confine, limit

circumspect - adj. thinking carefully about possible risks before doing or saying something 谨慎的 prudent, chary, cautious

circumstantial - adj. belonging to, consisting in, or dependent on circumstances 依情况而定的 contingent

circumvent - v. to avoid being stopped by 避开 bypass, sidestep, skirt

civic - adj. of or relating to a citizen, a city, citizenship, or community affairs 公民的

civility - n. polite actions and words 礼貌 comity

clandestine - adj. marked by, held in, or conducted with secrecy 秘密的 covert, surreptitious

clerical - adj. of or relating to a clerk or office worker 职员的，牧师的 [clock = 当一天和尚撞一天钟]

cliquish - adj. spend time only with other members of the group and seem unfriendly towards people who are not in the group 小集团的 [clique 集团]

cloak - v. to hide or disguise 掩盖 [close]

clot - v. to become thick and partly solid 凝结

clumsy - adj. awkward or inefficient in use or construction 笨拙的

cluster - v. to come together to form a group 聚集

coalesce - v. to come together to form one group or mass 合并

coherent - "(1)adj. working closely and well together 连贯的 (2)adj. able to talk or express yourself in a clear way that can be easily understood 条理清楚的" orderly

collective - adj. shared or done by a group of people 共同的，集体的

collide - v. to hit something or each other with strong force 碰撞

collude - v. conspire, plot 串通 [allude 暗指]

colossal - adj. very large or great 巨大的 immense

comity - n. friendly social atmosphere 友谊 civility

commendation - n. the act of praising or approving of someone or something 称赞 approbation

commensurate - adj. equal or similar to something in size, amount, or degree 相称的 proportionate

commonplace - "(1)n. something that happens or appears in many places and is not unusual 常见 (2)n. an obvious or trite comment 陈词滥调" pervasive

comparable - adj. used to say that two or more things are very similar and can be compared to each other 相似的 analogous

compartmentalize - v. to divide into separate sections 分开

compelling - "(1)adj. very interesting 激发兴趣的 (2)adj. capable of causing someone to believe or agree 令人信服的 (3)adj. strong and forceful 强大的" interesting

compensate - v. to make up for some defect or weakness 补偿

competing - adj. used for ideas, requirements, or interests that cannot all be right or satisfied at the same time 相互矛盾的 [两个人相互compete]

complacent - adj. satisfied with how things are and not wanting to change them 自满的

complex - "(1)adj. having parts that connect or go together in complicated ways 复杂的 (2)adj. not easy to understand or explain 难懂的"

complicated - adj. hard to understand, explain, or deal with 复杂难懂的 knotty

composed - adj. calm and in control of your emotions 镇定的 unperturbed, collected, coolheaded

comprehend - v. to understand 理解

comprehensive - adj. covering completely or broadly 全面的 exhaustive, sweeping, generic, inclusive

comprise - v. to include or consist of 包含

compromise - "(1)n. a way of reaching agreement in which each person or group gives up something that was wanted in order to end an argument or dispute 妥协 (2)v. to damage or weaken 危害" impair, concession

compulsory - adj. mandatory, enforced 强迫的

compunction - n. a feeling of guilt or regret 后悔

concede - v. to say that you accept or do not deny the truth or existence of 承认 acknowledge

conceivable - adj. imaginable or possible 可想象的 plausible

conciliatory - adj. willing to end a disagreement with someone 愿意和解的 placatory

concoct - "(1)v. to make by mixing different things together 混合而制 (2)v. to invent or develop 编造" [con + cook = 乱炖]

condemn - v. to say in a strong and definitive way that someone or something is bad or wrong 谴责 decry

condign - adj. deserved, appropriate 适当的 meet

conducive - adj. making it easy, possible, or likely for something to happen or exist 有助于...的

confessional - adj. telling private information about a person's life 自白的

confine - v. to keep within limits 限制 limit, circumscribe

conform to - "(1)v. to obey or agree with something 遵从 (2)v. to be in agreement or harmony 与...一致" square with

confound - "(1)v. to surprise and confuse 使迷惑 (2)v. to prove wrong 证明...有误" perplex, flummox

confront - v. to oppose or challenge especially in a direct and forceful way 与...对峙

confused - adj. unable to understand or think clearly 迷惑的 muddled

conjecture - n. an opinion or idea formed without proof or sufficient evidence 推测 speculation

consensus - n. a general agreement about something 一致意见 accord

considerable - adj. large in extent or degree 相当大的

consistent - adj. continuing to happen or develop in the same way 始终如一的

conspicuous - adj. very easy to see or notice 显眼的 obtrusive, prominent, salient, remarkable

constitute - v. to make up or form something 形成

constrain - "(1)v. to limit or restrict 限制 (2)v. to use pressure to force to do something 强迫" deter

construe - v. to understand in a particular way 诠释，分析 interpret

consummate - adj. complete in every detail 完美的

consumption - "(1)n. the use of something 消耗 (2)n. the utilization of economic goods in the satisfaction of wants or in the process of production resulting chiefly in their destruction, deterioration, or transformation 消费"

contagious - "(1)adj. having a sickness that can be passed to someone else by touching 接触传染的 (2)adj. capable of being easily spread to others 有感染力的"

contemplate - v. to think deeply or carefully about 深入思考 ponder

contemptuous - adj. feeling or showing deep hatred or disapproval 轻蔑的 disdainful

contented - adj. happy and satisfied 满足的

contentious - "(1)adj. likely to cause people to argue or disagree 引起争议的 (2)adj. likely or willing to argue 好争议的" controversial

contingent - adj. depending on something else that might or might not happen 取决于 circumstantial

contract - "(1)v. to become smaller 收缩 (2)n. a legal agreement between people, companies, etc. 合同 (3)v. to become affected with 感染" dwindle

contradictory - adj. involving or having information that disagrees with other information 矛盾的 dichotomous

contravene - v. to fail to do what is required by 触犯 violate [contra- + vene = went = 反着走]

controversial - adj. relating to or causing much discussion, disagreement, or argument 有争议的 contentious

conundrum - n. a confusing or difficult problem 复杂难解的问题 riddle, puzzle, enigma

convoluted - adj. very complicated and difficult to understand 复杂难解的 intricate, tortuous

convulsion - n. a sudden change or disturbance that affects a country, organization, etc. 动乱 upheaval

cooperate - v. to associate with another or others for mutual benefit 合作

corroborate - v. to support with evidence or authority 证实

corrupt - "(1)v. to cause to become dishonest, immoral, etc. 使...败坏 (2)adj. doing things that are dishonest or illegal in order to make money or to gain or keep power 贪污的"

counterforce - n. a contrary or opposing force 反作用力

counterintuitive - adj. not agreeing with what seems right or natural 违反直觉的 unexpected

counterpart - n. someone or something that has the same job or purpose as another 对应的人或物 parallel

counterproductive - adj. tending to hinder the attainment of a desired goal 事与愿违的 deleterious

courteous - adj. very polite in a way that shows respect 有礼貌的

covert - adj. made, shown, or done in a way that is not easily seen or notices 秘密的 clandestine

covet - v. to want very much 贪求 envy

cower - v. to shrink away or crouch 畏缩

crab - v. to complain about peevishly 抱怨 excoriate [蟹老板]

craft - n. skill in planning, making, or executing 工艺，手艺

crass - adj. having or showing no understanding of what is proper or acceptable 愚钝的 [愚钝的人长大只能cut + grass]

credit - "(1)n. a record of how well you have paid your bills in the past 信用 (2)v. to give honor or recognition to for doing something or for making something happen 赞扬"

credulous - adj. too ready to believe things 轻信的 trusting

crestfallen - adj. very sad and disappointed 不高兴的 disgruntled

crumble - v. to break into small pieces 崩溃，破碎 disintegrate

cryptic - adj. difficult to understand 难解的 elusive

cumbersome - "(1)adj. hard to handle or manage because of size or weight 笨重的 (2)adj. complicated and hard to do 复杂难做的" unwieldy

cunning - adj. getting what is wanted in a clever and often deceptive way 狡猾的 crafty

cure-all - n. a cure or solution for any illness or problem 万灵药 panacea

cursory - adj. done or made quickly 草率的 perfunctory, casual

curt - "(1)adj. sparing of words 话少的 (2)adj. marked by rude or peremptory shortness 唐突无礼的" laconic, terse, taciturn [court里不能curt]

curtail - v. to reduce or limit 缩减 mitigate

damp - v. to make less strong or active 使减弱 palliate

darken - "(1)v. to make dark or to become dark or darker in color 使变暗 (2)v. to make less happy or to become less happy 使忧郁" dim

dated - adj. coming from or belonging to a time in the past 陈旧的

daunting - adj. tending to make people afraid or less confident 使人畏惧的 formidable, sensational, forbidding

dearth - n. the state or condition of not having enough of something 缺乏 paucity, modicum

debacle - n. a great disaster or complete failure 彻底失败 fiasco

debase - v. to lower the value or reputation of 贬低

debunk - v. to show that something is not true 揭露...为假

decay - n. the process or result of being slowly destroyed by natural precesses 腐朽 deterioration

decisive - "(1)adj. resolute, determined 果断的 (2)adj. unmistakable, unquestionable 毋庸置疑的" unmistakable

decline - "(1)v. to become worse in condition or quality 衰落 (2)v. to say that you will not or cannot do something 拒绝" wane

decouple - v. to eliminate the interrelationship of 使...没有联系

decrepitude - n. the state of being old and in bad condition or poor health 衰老，老朽 senescence

decry - v. to say publicly and forcefully that you regard as bad, wrong, etc. 公开谴责 condemn

defame - v. to hurt the reputation of especially by saying things that are false or unfair 诽谤

defect - n. an imperfection that impairs worth or utility 缺陷

defend - "(1)v. to drive danger or attack away from 保护
(2)v. to maintain or support in the face of argument or hostile criticism 为...争辩"
champion

deferential - adj. showing or expressing deference 恭敬的 respectful

defiant - adj. refusing to obey something or someone 蔑视的，挑战的

defining - adj. 起决定性作用的

definite - "(1)adj. said or done in such a way that others know exactly what you mean 明确的 (2)adj. not likely to change 不能更改的"

deflate - v. to reduce or cause to contract 使减少 soothe

deflect - v. to cause to change direction 使转向 shrug off

deft - adj. skillful and clever 灵巧的 canny

defy - v. to confront with assured power of resistance 蔑视 disregard, flout

degenerative - adj. causing the body or part of the body to become weaker or less able to function as time passes 退化的

degrade - "(1)v. to lower in grade, rank, or status 贬低 (2)v. to make the quality of worse 恶化 (3)v. to wear down by erosion 腐蚀"

deify - v. to treat like a god or goddess 神化

delegate - v. to give (control, responsibility, authority, etc.) to someone 委托

deleterious - adj. damaging or harmful 有害的，有毒的 counterproductive, detrimental, devastating

deliberate - "(1)v. to think about or discuss something very carefully in order to make a decision 深思熟虑 (2)adj. done or said in a way that is planned or intended 故意的
(3)adj. done or decided after careful thought 谨慎的"
calculated

delight - "(1)n. a strong feeling of happiness 高兴
(2)v. to make very happy 使高兴"
relish

demanding - adj. requiring much time, effort, or attention 苛求的 exacting

demarcation - n. the establishment of boundaries or limits separating two areas, groups, or things 界限 [de + mark]

demise - n. the end of something that is thought of as being like a death 终止，死亡 [miss + 弟弟]

demur - v. to disagree politely with another person's statement or suggestion 表示反对

denounce - v. to publicly state that someone or something is bad or wrong 谴责 lambast

deplete - v. to empty of a principal substance 耗尽

deplorable - "(1)adj. lamentable 可悲的 (2)adj. deserving censure or contempt 应受谴责的" reprehensible [反对explore的人是可悲受谴责的]

deprecatory - adj. disapproving 反对的 detracting

depressing - adj. causing someone to feel sad or without hope 令人沮丧的

deride - v. to laugh at or insult contemptuously 鄙视

derision - n. the feeling that people express when they criticize and laugh at someone or something in an insulting way 嘲笑 mockery

derivative - adj. not new or original 非原创的

derive from - phrase. to take, receive, or obtain especially from a specific source 源于

design - "(1)n. deliberate purposive planning 故意 (2)n. the process of planning how something will look, happen, be made 设计" purposefulness

despair - v. to no longer have any hope or belief that a situation will improve or change 绝望

destructive - adj. causing a very large amount of damage 破坏的

detached - adj. not influenced by emotions or personal interest 公正客观的

detect - v. to discover or notice the presence of 发现 discern

deter - "(1)v. to prevent from happening 阻止 (2)v. to cause to decide not to do something 威慑" constrain

deterioration - n. the act or process of becoming worse 恶化 decay, decline

detestation - n. extreme hatred or dislike 憎恶

detract - "(1)v. to speak ill of 贬低

detrimental - adj. causing damage or injury 有害的 deleterious

devious - "(1)adj. willing to lie and trick people in order to get what is wanted 狡诈的 (2)adj. not straight or direct 弯曲的" guile, indirect [de偏离+vi- = way +ous = 走邪路的]

devolve - "(1)v. to pass on from one person or entity to another （权利，责任等）下放 [让delegate involve]

dexterous - adj. having or showing great skills or cleverness 机敏的 nimble

diatribe - n. an angry and usually long speech or piece of writing that strongly criticizes someone or something 抨击 rant [dia- = 死 + tribute = 想让你死的颂词]

dichotomous - "(1)adj. dividing into two parts 二分的 (2)adj. relating to, involving, or proceeding from dichotomy 矛盾的" contradictory

didactic - adj. designed or intended to teach people something 说教的 preachy

diffident - "(1)adj. lacking confidence 缺乏自信的 (2)adj. very careful about acting or speaking 言行谨慎的"

diffuse - "(1)adj. spread out over a large space 分散的 (2)adj. to spread out 传播 (3)adj. being at once verbose and ill-organized 话多的" spread, disperse, wordy

dilatory - adj. characterized by procrastination 拖延的 sluggish, remiss, laggard

dilemma - n. a situation in which you have to make a difficult choice 困境

diligent - adj. characterized by steady, earnest, and energetic effort 勤奋的 industrious

dim - "(1)adj. not bright or clear 昏暗的 (2)v. to make less bright or to become less bright 使变暗" darken

diminish - "(1)v. to make less or cause to appear less 减少 (2)v. to lessen the authority or reputation of 贬低"

diminutive - adj. very small 极小的 minuscule

dire - adj. exciting horror 可怕的，恐怖的

discard - v. to throw away because it is useless or unwanted 丢弃

discern - "(1)v. to detect with the eyes 觉察 (2)v. to recognize or identify as separate and distinct 分辨" detect, discover

disciple - n. a convinced adherent of a school or individual 信徒 adherent

discomfit - v. to make confused or upset 使难堪 [comfit = comfort(n 舒服)－使不舒服－使窘迫]

discordance - n. the state or an instance of disagreement 不一致 contention

discredit - v. to damage the reputation of 使丧失信誉

discrepancy - n. a difference especially between things that should be the same 矛盾 incongruity

discretionary - adj. done or used when necessary 自由决定的

discursion - n. the state of talking or writing about many different things in a way that is not highly organized 漫谈离题

disdain - n. a feeling of contempt for someone or something regarded as unworthy or inferior 鄙视 opprobrium, contempt

disenchant - v. to free from illusion 使幻想破灭 [dis + enchant 魅惑]

disgorge - v. to let out or release 排出 dump [gorge(n 咽喉; 胃; 峡谷v 狼吞虎咽)]

disgruntle - v. to make ill-humored or discontented 使不高兴 crestfallen

disinclination - n. a feeling of not wanting to do something 不情愿

disinformation - n. false information deliberately 故意的假情报

disingenuous - adj. not truly honest or sincere 不真诚的

disintegrate - v. to break apart into many small parts or pieces 瓦解 crumble

disinterested - "(1)adj. not influenced by personal feelings, opinions, or concerns 公正的 (2)adj. not interested 没有兴趣的" fair, impartial

dismantle - v. to take apart so that it is in separate pieces 拆除

dismiss - "(1)v. to decide not to think about or consider 不考虑 (2)v. to permit or cause to leave 清除 (3)v. to remove from position or service 解雇 (4)v. to reject serious consideration of 驳回"

disorganize - v. to destroy or interrupt the orderly structure or function of 扰乱

disparage - v. to describe as unimportant, weak, bad, etc. 贬低 slight

disparate - adj. different from each other 不同的 heterogeneous, diverse, dissimilar, variant

dispassionate - adj. not affected by personal or emotional involvement 公正客观的，冷静客观的 temperate, analytical

dispatch - "(1)v. to send quickly to a particular place for a particular purpose 派遣 (2)n. promptness and efficiency in performance or transmission 迅速" celerity

dispel - "(1)v. to make go away or end 消除 (2)v. to drive away by or as if by scattering 驱散"

displace - "(1)v. to take the job or position of 取代 (2)v. to force to leave the area where they live 迫使离开" obviate [dis + place = 让你离开你的place]
