manipulate - v. to use or change in a skillful way or for a particular purpose 控制，操纵

marginal - "(1)adj. not very important 不重要的 (2)adj. not included in the main part of society or of a group 边缘的" peripheral

marked - adj. very noticeable 显著的

martinet - n. a person who is very strict and demands obedience from others 严格执行纪律的人 [源于人名Martinet马提奈, l7世纪法国路易十四世时的军事教官.]

mask - "(1)v. to keep from being known or noticed 掩饰 (2)n. a cover or partial cover for the face used for disguise 面具" belie

master - "(1)n. an artist, performer, or player of consummate skill 能手 (2)n. one having control 有控制权的人 (3)v. to become skilled or proficient in the use of 精通"

match - "(1)v. to cause to correspond 和...一致 (2)v. to set in competition or opposition 与...较量 (3)n. an exact counterpart 相配之物"

materialize - "(1)v. to become visible 显现 (2)v. to begin to happen or exist 实现"

maudlin - adj. weakly and effusively sentimental 多愁善感的

maverick - n. a person who refuses to follow the customs or rules of a group 特立独行的人 nonconformist

meager - "(1)adj. not having enough of something for comfort or happiness 缺乏的 (2)adj. having little thin 瘦削的" insufficient, paltry [长得比较mean的哥们儿]

measured - adj. done with thought and care 慎重的

mediate - v. to effect by action as an intermediary 调解

meet - adj. precisely adapted to a particular situation, need, or circumstance 合适的 condign

meld - v. merge, blend 混合 combine

mendacity - n. lacking of honesty 不诚实 hypocrisy

mercurial - adj. changing often 变化无常的 volatile, inconstant

metaphor - "(1)n. a figure of speech in which a word or phrase literally denoting one kind of object or idea is used in place of another to suggest a likeness or analogy between them 隐喻 (2)n. an object, activity, or idea that is used as a symbol of something else 象征"

meticulous - adj. very careful about doing something in a extremely accurate and exact way 周密的，一丝不苟的 thorough, exact, painstaking

mimic - "(1)v. to copy especially of humor 模仿 (2)v. to naturally look like 和...相似" camouflage, replicate

minimize - "(1)v. to make as small as possible 将...减到最低程度 (2)v. to treat or describe as smaller or less important than it is 贬低"

minuscule - adj. very small 极小的 diminutive

misconception - n. an idea that is not correct 错误观念

misconstrue - v. to interpret wrongly 曲解

misgiving - n. a feeling of doubt or suspicion especially concerning a future event 疑虑，担忧 trepidation, qualm [皇位到底给不给]

misguide - v. to lead astray: misdirect 误导

mishandle - "(1)v. to deal with or manage wrong or ignorantly 不当地处理 (2)v. maltreat 虐待"

misnomer - n. a name that is wrong or not proper or appropriate 名称误用

misrepresent - v. to describe in a false way especially in order to deceive someone 歪曲

misuse - "(1)v. to use incorrectly 误用 (2)v. abuse, mistreat 虐待" abuse

mitigate - v. to make less severe, harmful, or painful 缓和 abate, curtail, temper, ameliorate

mixed - "(1)adj. combining characteristics of more than one kind 混合的 (2)adj. including or accompanied by inconsistent, incompatible, or contrary elements 矛盾的" inconsistent

mockery - n. insulting or contemptuous action or speech 嘲笑 derision

modest - "(1)adj. not too proud or confident about yourself or your abilities 谦虚的 (2)adj. unpretentious 朴实无华的 (3)adj. limited in size, amount, or scope 适度的，有限的" unassuming, unostentatious

modicum - n. a small amount 少量 dearth

modulate - v. to adjust to or keep in proper measure or proportion 调节 temper

mollify - v. to make less angry 平息，抚慰

momentary - adj. lasting a very short time 短暂的 evanescent

monitor - v. to watch, observe, listen to, or check for a special purpose over a period of time 观察，监视

monolithic - "(1)adj. consisting of or constituting a single unit 单一的 (2)adj. constituting a massive undifferentiated and often rigid whole 单一庞大的" [mono- = single]

monstrous - "(1)adj. extremely or unusually large 巨大的 (2)adj. extraordinarily ugly or vicious 可怕的" [monster(n 半人半马的怪物)]

morbid - adj. not healthy or normal 病态的

mordant - adj. expressing harsh criticism especially in a way that is funny 尖刻的 acerbic

mount - v. to increase in amount 增加 [登山逐渐增加海拔]

muddle - "(1)v. to cause confusion in 使...混乱 (2)n. a state of confusion or disorder 混乱" confuse

multifaceted - adj. having many different parts 多层面的

mundane - "(1)adj. dull and ordinary 平凡的，乏味的 (2)adj. relating to ordinary life on earth rather than to spiritual things 世俗的"

mutable - adj. able or likely to change often 易变的 liquid

naiveté - n. the state or quality of being inexperienced or unsophisticated 天真

narcissism - n. egoism, egocentrism 自恋 self-flattery

narrow - adj. minutely precise 精确的，仔细的

nascent - adj. beginning to exist 刚出现的 budding, unformed

naysayer - n. a person who says something will not work or is not possible 唱反调的人

nebulous - adj. not clear 模糊的 vague [星云的]

negligent - adj. failing to take proper or normal care of something or someone 疏忽大意的

negligible - adj. very small or unimportant 微不足道的，不重要的 insignificant, inconsequential, trifling

negotiable - adj. able to be discussed and changed before an agreement or decision is made 可协商的

nettle - v. to make angry 激怒 [net网, settle 网没有安好感到愤怒]

neutrality - n. the quality or state of not supporting either side in an argument, fight, war, etc. 中立 impartiality

nimble - "(1)adj. able to move quickly, easily, and lightly 敏捷的 (2)adj. able to learn and understand things quickly and easily 敏锐的" adroit，dexterous, skillful

no-nonsense - adj. very serious about doing things in a direct and efficient way without any foolishness or nonsense 严肃的，高效干练的 businesslike

noisome - adj. offensive to the senses and especially to the sense of smell 令人讨厌的，恶臭的 malodorous

nonchalant - adj. having an air of easy unconcern or indifference 冷漠的 insouciant

nonconformist - n. a person who does not behave the way most people behave 不守成规者 maverick

nondescript - adj. lacking distinctive or interesting qualities 无个性的 unexceptional

nonspecialist - n. someone who does not specialize in a particular area, activity, field of research, etc. 非专业人士 layperson

nostalgia - "(1)n. pleasure and sadness that is caused by remembering something from the past and wishing that you could experience it again 怀旧 (2)n. the state of being homesick 思乡"

novel - adj. new and different from what has been known before 新颖的 original, unexampled, unprecedented

novice - n. a person who has just started learning or doing something 新手 tyro

noxious - adj. harmful to living things 有害的，有毒的

nuance - n. a very small difference in color, tone, meaning, etc. 细微差别 subtlety [nu牛, ance读: 盎司－牛用盎司来称体重, 因为只有细微差别]

numinous - (1)adj. having a mysterious, holy, or spiritual quality 神圣的
(2)adj. supernatural, mysterious 超自然的，神秘的"
occult

obdurate - adj. refusing to do what other people want 固执的 intransigent, fortitude

obedience - n. the act of obeying 服从 submission

obeisance - n. respect for someone or something 尊敬 [obey + sense = 服从；听从的行为]

obfuscate - v. to make more difficult to understand 混淆，使迷惑 obscure, mystify

objectionable - adj. causing people to be offended 令人反感的 [objection + -able = 可反对的]

objective - adj. based on facts rather than feelings or opinions 客观的，公正的 fair

obligatory - "(1)adj. required by a law or rule 强制性的 (2)adj. always or often included as a familiar and expected part of something 习惯性的"

obliterate - v. to destroy completely so that nothing is left 清除，摧毁 [阿伯清除literature]

obscure - "(1)adj. not well-known 不出名的 (2)adj. difficult to understand 费解的 (3)v. to make difficult to understand or know 使...费解 (4)v. to hide or cover 遮盖" anonymous, opaque, obfuscate

obsequious - adj. too eager to help or obey someone important 谄媚的 sycophantic [阿伯seek跟在领导屁股后头]

observation - "(1) n. a comment or remark 评论 (2) n. something you notice by watching and listening 观察 (3) n. an act or instance of observing a custom, rule, or law 遵守"

obsessed - adj. if someone is obsessed with a person or thing, they keep thinking about them and find it difficult to think about anything else 着迷的 fixated

obsolete - adj. no longer used by anyone 废弃的，老式的 outmoded, fusty [阿伯 + sole = 阿伯终生孤独]

obstacle - n. something that impedes progress or achievement 障碍

obtain - v. to gain or attain usually by planned action or effort 获得 glean

obtrusive - adj. noticeable in an unpleasant or annoying way 惹眼的 conspicuous [阿伯都掌握知识了 = 太惊讶了]

obviate - v. to make no longer necessary 避免，取消 [ob离开, via路, te一使障碍离开道路一排除]

occlude - v. to close up or block off 阻闭

occult - adj. not easily apprehended or understood 神秘的 numinous

offset - v. to create an equal balance between two things 补偿，抵消 compensate

old-fashioned - "(1)adj. of, relating to, or characteristic of a past era 老式的 (2)adj. outmoded 过时的 "

ominous - adj. suggesting that something bad is going to happen in the future 不祥的 inauspicious

omit - v. to leave out 遗漏

omnipresent - adj. present in all places at all times 无处不在的 ubiquitous, universal

onerous - adj. difficult and unpleasant to do or deal with 繁重的 burdensome

onetime - adj. having been someone or something specified in the past 过去的 erstwhile

onset - n. the beginning of something 开始

opaque - "(1)adj. not letting light through 不透明的 (2)adj. difficult to understand or explain 难懂的" obscure, inaccessible

opinionated - adj. unduly adhering to one's own opinion or to preconceived notions 固执己见的

opportune - adj. done or happening at the right time 适时的 timely

oppressive - "(1)adj. very cruel or unfair 残酷的
(2)adj. overwhelming or depressing to the spirit or senses 令人窒息的"

opprobrium - "(1)n. very strong disapproval or criticism of a person or thing especially by a large number of people 谴责 (2)n. something that brings disgrace 耻辱" disdain, vitriol

optimism - n. a feeling or belief that good things will happen in the future 乐观

opulent - "(1)adj. having a large estate or property 富裕的 (2)adj. amply or plentifully provided or fashioned often to the point of ostentation 豪华的，奢侈的" affluent

orderly - adj. arranged or organized in a logical or regular way 有秩序的 coherent

orientation - n. a main interest, quality, or goal 目标，态度 bias

original - "(1)adj. made or produced first 原创的 (2)adj. not like others 新颖的" novel

orthodox - adj. accepted as true or correct by most people 正统的

oust - "(1)v. to cause or force to leave a position of power, a competition, etc. 罢黜，驱逐 (2)v. to take the place of 取代" expel, banish

outdated - adj. no longer useful or acceptable 过时的

outdo - v. to be better than 超过 eclipse [out + you do 超过你的职责]

outmoded - adj. not modern or current 过时的 unfashionable, obsolete, fusty

outstanding - "(1)adj. extremely good or excellent 杰出的 (2)adj. easy to notice especially because of being important or very good 显著的"

outstrip - v. to get ahead of 超过

overbearing - adj. harshly and haughtily arrogant 傲慢的，专横的

overblown - adj. inflated 浮夸的，过分的 [吹过了]

overlook - "(1)v. to fail to see or notice 忽略 (2)v. inspect 监督 (3)v. to look down upon from above 俯瞰"

oversell - "(1)v. to make excessive claims for 吹嘘 (2)v. to sell too much or too many 过多出售"

overshadow - v. to exceed in importance 超越 outlast, obscure [超过我的影子]

overstate - v. to say that is larger or greater than it really is 夸大

overthrow - v. to remove from power especially by force 推翻，废除

overwhelming - adj. tending or serving to overwhelm 势不可挡的，压倒一切的

pacific - adj. loving peace 和平主义的 dovish

painstaking - adj. showing or done with great care and effort 煞费苦心的 meticulous [坚韧的人特别能忍]

palliate - "(1)v. to moderate the intensity of 减轻 (2)v. the cover by excuses and apologies 辩解" damp

paltry - "(1)adj. very small or too small in amount 很少的 (2)adj. having little meaning, importance, or worth 无意义的" meager, insufficient [pal = pale(adj 苍白的), try(努力)一白努力－无价值的]

panacea - n. something that will make everything about a situation better 万能药 remedy, cure-all

paradigm - n. a model or pattern for something that may be copied 模板，典范 model

paradoxical - adj. of the nature of a paradox 矛盾的 ironic

parity - n. the quality or state of being equal or equivalent 平等，相等 equality

parochial - adj. limited to only the things that affect your local area 狭隘的 provincial

parsimonious - adj. very unwilling to spend money 吝啬的 stingy, illiberal

partisan - adj. devoted to or biased in support of a party, group, or cause 有偏见的

passive - adj. used to describe someone who allows things to happen or who accepts what other people do or decide without trying to change anything 被动的

pastiche - n. a mixture of different things 大杂烩

pastoral - adj. of or relating to the countryside or to the lives of people who live in the country 乡村的 bucolic

patchwork - n. something that is made up of different things 大杂烩 hodgepodge

patent - "(1)n. an official document conferring a right or privilege 专利 (2)adj. obvious or clear 显而易见的"

pathetic - adj. causing feelings of sadness and sympathy 可怜的

paucity - n. a small amount of something 不足 dearth

peculiar - adj. not usual or normal 奇怪的

pecuniary - adj. of or relating to money 金钱的 economic

pedestrian - adj. commonplace, unimaginative 乏味的

peer - "(1)n. a person who belongs to the same age group or social group as someone else 同龄人，同地位的人 (2)v. to look searchingly at something difficult to discern 凝视"

pejorative - adj. insulting to someone or something 轻蔑的 [pe 屁孩 + joy = 跟屁孩开玩笑的]

pellucid - adj. very clear 清晰的 limpid

penalty - "(1)n. punishment for breaking a rule or law 处罚 (2)n. a disadvantage or difficulty you experience 不利结果"

penchant - n. a strong and continued inclination 倾向，嗜好

perceptible - adj. able to be seen or noticed 可见的，可觉察的 discernible

peregrinate - v. to walk or travel over 旅行 [peri周围 + grin 滚 = 在周边来回滚的]

perennial - adj. existing or continuing in the same way for a long time 持久的 long-standing [per所有, enn年, ial－一年中的所有的]

perfunctory - adj. used to describe something that is done without energy or enthusiasm because of habit or because it is expected 敷衍的 cursory, casual

perilous - adj. full of danger 危险的 dangerous, precarious

peripatetic - adj. pedestrian, itinerant 巡回的 itinerant [peri周围, pate = 四周打官司的 = 巡回法庭]

peripheral - adj. of, relating to, involving, or forming a periphery or surface part 边缘的 marginal

permeable - adj. allowing liquids or gases to pass through 可渗透的 porous [per- = through + meat (permeate)]

perpetuate - v. to make perpetual or cause to last indefinitely 使...永存

perplex - v. to confuse very much 迷惑 confound

persist - v. to continue to do something or to try to do something even though it is difficult or other people want you to stop 坚持不懈

perspicacious - adj. having or showing an ability to notice and understand things that are difficult or not obvious 有洞察力的 discernible

pertain - "(1)v. to relate to someone or something 有关
(2)v. to belong as a part, member, accessory or product 从属"

pervasive - adj. existing in every part of something 普遍的，弥漫的 rife

pessimistic - adj. having or showing a lack of hope for the future 悲观的

philosophy - "(1)n. the study of ideas about knowledge, truth, the nature and meaning of life, etc. 哲学 (2)n. a set of ideas about how to do something or how to live 理念"

pilfer - v. to steal things that are not very valuable or to steal a small amount of something 偷窃 appropriate

pioneering - adj. doing something that has not been done before 开创性的

pivotal - adj. very important 重要的

plague - "(1)n. a large number of harmful or annoying things 让人讨厌的东西 (2)v. to cause constant or repeated trouble, illness, etc. 困扰，纠缠"

plaintive - adj. expressing suffering or sadness 悲伤的 elegiac [plaint=complain,表示"抱怨]

plastic - "(1)adj. capable of adapting to varying conditions 可塑的 (2)adj. not real or sincere 做作的" malleable

platitudinous - adj. having the characteristics of a platitude 陈腐的

plausible - "(1)adj. believable or realistic 真实的 (2)adj. superficially fair, reasonable, or valuable but often specious 看似真实（但实际虚假）" conceivable

plentiful - adj. containing or giving large amounts of something 充足的

plethora - n. excess, superfluity 过量 surfeit, glut

plodding - adj. unexciting 单调乏味的 [p + load = p社的游戏加载是乏味的]

plummet - v. to fall or drop suddenly in amount, value, etc. （数量，价值等）下跌

pointless - adj. having no meaning, purpose, or effect 无意义的 futile

polemic - "(1)n. a strong written or spoken attack against someone else's opinions, beliefs, practices, etc. 猛烈抨击 (2)n. the art or practice of using language to defend or harshly criticize something or someone 态度鲜明（支持或者批评）"

polymath - n. someone who knows a lot about many different things 博学者 encyclopedic

ponder - v. to think about or consider carefully 深思熟虑 contemplate

porous - "(1)adj. having small holes that allow air or liquid to pass through 多孔的 (2)adj. easy to pass or get through 能渗透的" permeable [泼rose = 给女人泼玫瑰花就能渗透]

portend - v. to give an omen or anticipatory sign of 预言 predict, presage [在report中表达对未来的tend]

posture - "(1)n. the attitude a person or group has toward a subject 态度 (2)v. to assume an artificial or pretended attitude 摆姿态"

potential - "(1)adj. capable of becoming real 可能的 (2)n. a chance or possibility that something will happen or exist in the future 可能性 (3)n. an ability that someone has that can be developed to help that person become successful 潜力"

pragmatic - adj. dealing with the problems that exist in a specific situation in a reasonable and logical way instead of depending on ideas and theories 务实的 realistic

preachy - adj. trying to teach something in a way that is annoying or unwanted 爱说教的 sanctimonious, didactic

precarious - adj. not safe, strong, or steady 危险的，不稳固的 perilous

precede - v. to happen, go, or come before 比...先发生 predate, antedate

precipitate - "(1)v. to cause to happen quickly or suddenly 引发，加速 (2)n. a solid substance that is separated from al liquid especially by a chemical process 沉淀 (3)adj. happening very quickly or too quickly without enough thought or planning 冲动的，鲁莽的"

preclude - v. to make impossible by necessary consequence: rule out in advance 排除，防止 prevent, rule out

precocious - adj. exhibiting mature qualities at an unusually early age 早熟的 mature

preconception - n. an idea or opinion that someone has before learning about or experiencing something directly 先入之见 prejudice

precursor - n. something that comes before something else and that often leads to or influences its development 先驱 forerunner

predate - v. to exist or happen at an earlier time than 早于 antedate, precede

pedigree - n. an ancestral line: lineage 血统，家谱 [ped脚 + degree = 根据脚板判断是否一个家族]

predilection - n. a natural liking for something 偏爱 proclivity, preference [pre前, di, lect选择, ion－提前选择出好的东西－偏好]

predominant - adj. more important, powerful, successful, or noticeable than other people or things 占优势的，主导的

preeminent - adj. more important, skillful, or successful than others 杰出的，卓越的

prefigure - v. to show or suggest something that will happen or exist at a future time 预示 anticipate

prejudice - "(1)n. a feeling of like or dislike for someone or something especially when it is not reasonable or logical 偏见 (2)n. preconceived judgment or opinion 先入之见" preconception

preoccupy - v. to be thought about or worried about by (someone) very often or constantly 使全神贯注

presage - v. to give or be a sign of 预示 portend

prescient - adj. able to know or predict what was going to happen in the future 有预知能力的 prophetic

prescriptive - adj. giving exact rules, directions, or instructions about how you should do something 指定的，规定的 exacting
