shallow - adj. having little depth粗浅的 
反 profound

deflect - v. to cause (something that is moving) to change direction 使..偏离方向 改变方向
v. to keep (something, such as a question) from affecting or being directed at a person or thing 使不受到 ... 的影响 选 shrug off

finesse - n. skillful handling of a situation技艺高超 反 heavy-handedness 
v. evade or skirt 躲避
v. to handle, deal with, or do (something) in an indirect and skillful or clever way 巧妙地处理

belated - adj. happening or coming very late or too late 晚的、迟的

sheer - adj. complete and total 完全的
adj. marked by great and continuous steepness 陡峭的、几乎垂直的

levity - n. a lack of seriousness 不严肃 轻浮 反 gravity 。

insidious - adj. causing harm in a way that is gradual or not easily noticed 阴险的、 暗中为害的

amass - v. to come together 集聚、积累 选 glean

ostensible - adj. seeming or said to be true or real but very possibly not true or real表面的、虚假的

somber - adj. very sad and serious 严肃的、悲伤的
 adj. having a dull or dark color 昏暗的

profound - adj. having or showing great knowledge or understanding 深刻的 选 trenchant 反 superﬁcial, shallow
adj. very strongly felt 强烈的

contour - n. the outline or outer edge of something

chaos - n. complete confusion and disorder 混乱 chaotic adj.

voluminous - adj. very large 巨大的、大量的

revile - v. to speak about (someone or something) in a very critical or insulting way 辱骂 斥责

corporeal - adj. having or consisting of a physical body or form肉体的、有实体存在的

oscillate - v. to vary between opposing beliefs, feelings, or theories 犹豫不决 选 waver
v. to swing backward and forward like a pendulum 摇摆

monarchy - n. a form of government in which a country is ruled by a monarch 君主政体

inoculate - v. to introduce something into the mind of (给某人)灌输、注入（想法)
v. to inject a material (as a vaccine) into to protect against or treat a disease 注射疫苗

subsist - v. to exist or continue to exist 维持生存、生存下去

suffrage - n. the right to vote in an election 选举权

patron - n. a person who gives money and support to an artist, organization, etc. 赞助人

exile - n. a situation in which you are forced to leave your country or home and go to live in a foreign country 流放、放逐
v. to banish or expel from one's own country or home 流放 放逐

inhospitable - adj. not generous and friendly to guests or visitors不友好的
adj. having an environment where plants, animals, or people cannot live or grow easily 贫瘠的 荒凉的

oblique - adj. not straightforward 间接的 
adj. having no right angle 倾斜

bequeath - v. to give or leave by will (used especially of personal property) 
遗赠 v. to hand down 留下、传下 bequest n.遗产

retention - n. the act of keeping someone or something 保留

ramify - v. to split up into branches or constituent parts 使分叉

prescribe - v. to ofﬁcially tell someone to use (a medicine, therapy, diet, etc.) as a remedy or treatment 开药方 prescription n. 处方
v. to lay down a rule 制定建立

deprive - v. to take something away from 使丧失、剥夺

necessitate - v. to make (something) necessary 使成为必要

inhale - v. to breathe in 吸入

dexterity - n. the ability to use your hands skillfully 手指灵巧
/n. mental skill or quickness 技艺高超

ooze - v. to ﬂow out slowly 渗出
v. to show (a quality, emotion, etc.) very clearly or strongly 表现 显示

patronize - v. to give money or support to (someone or something) 赞助
 v. to talk to (someone) in a way that shows that you believe you are more intelligent or better than other people 摆出人一等的态度对待
v. to be a frequent or regular customer or user of 经常光顾

eject - v. to force (someone) to leave 驱逐、逐出
v. to push out 喷出 发出

overdue - adj. not appearing or presented by a stated, expected, or required time 延误的 拖延的

brusque - adj. talking or behaving in a very direct, brief, and unfriendly way唐突的 无礼的

prose - adj. dull or ordinary 平凡的 乏味的 ( 与 prosaic 相同）
 n. writing that is not poetry 散文

uprising - n. a usually violent effort by many people to change the government or leader of a country 起义 叛乱

touchstone - n. something that is used to make judgments about the quality of other things 检验标准

purveyor - n. a person or business that sells or provides something 供应商 purvey v. purveyance n.

parody - n. a literary or musical work in which the style of an author or work is closely imitated for comic effect or in ridicule 拙劣的模仿

decimate - v. to destroy a large number of (plants, animals, people, etc.) 严重地破坏

decipher - v. to ﬁnd the meaning of (something that is difﬁcult to read or understand) 解释 破译

amenable - adj. willing to agree or to accept something that is wanted or asked for 愿意的 服从的 反 recalcitrant

siphon - v. to take and use (something, such as money) for your own purpose 抽走 （资金 资源）

annotate - v. to add notes or comments to (a text, book, drawing, etc.) 注释

procure - v. to get (something) by some action or effort 获得

hiatus - n. a period of time when something (such as an activity or program) is stopped 间歇

cantankerous - adj. often angry and annoyed 易怒的

escalate - v. to become worse or to make (something) worse or more severe加剧 恶化
 to become greater or higher or to make (something) greater or higher 升高 提升

bombard - v. to hit or attack (something or someone) constantly or repeatedly 如炸弹般）攻击（人或者事物）

vernacular - adj. of, relating to, or using the language of ordinary speech rather than formal writing 口语的 俗语的

prevail - v. to be usual, common, or popular 流行

scenario - n. a description of what could possibly happen 情形

hitherto - adv. until now 至今

vertiginous - adj. causing or likely to cause a feeling of dizziness especially because of great height 令人眩晕的

bravado - n. a pretense of bravery 装做勇敢
 n. the quality or state of being foolhardy 莽撞

steadfast - adj. ﬁrm in belief, determination, or adherence坚定不移的 mirthful adj. 愉快的 欢乐的

oblivious - adj. not conscious or aware of someone or something 无意识的 遗忘的

refractory - adj. resisting control or authority 不服管的 
adj. immune or insusceptible 免疫的

resign - v. to accept something as inevitable 接受
v. to give up one's ofﬁce or position 辞职

abiding - adj. continuing for a long time 长期的

dull - adj. not exciting or interesting 无聊的
adj. mentally slow 笨的

debonair - adj. lighthearted or nonchalant 无忧无虑的

infuriate - v. to make (someone) very angry 使 愤怒

crestfallen - adj. very sad and disappointed 沮丧的 选 disgruntle

wistful - adj. full of yearning or desire tinged with melancholy 渴望的 思念过去的

concur - v. to express agreement 同意 反 dissent, gainsay 
v. to happen together 同时发生

boast - v. speak vaingloriously 吹嘘
 v. have or contain 拥有

extrapolate - v. to form an opinion or to make an estimate about something from known facts （根据已知信息）推测

resemble - v. to be like or similar to 与 ...相似 选 homogeneity resemblance n. 相似

ordain - v. to ofﬁcially establish or order (something) 决定 规定
 v. to ofﬁcially make (someone) a minister, priest, rabbi, etc. （神职）任命

mirth - n. happiness and laughter 欢乐

jovial - adj. full of happiness and joy 高兴 选 mirthful

cajole - v. to persuade with ﬂattery or gentle urging especially in the face of reluctance 哄骗 选 coax

baneful - adj. seriously harmful 有害的

identical - adj. exactly the same 完全一样的

proscribe - v. to not allow/ 禁止 选 forbid 反 sanction

arguably - adv. it can be argued 可以这样说地

obstreperous - adj. difﬁcult to control and often noisy 不服管的 桀骜不驯的

volition - n. the power to make your own choices or decisions 自愿选择 自行决定

hectic - adj. very busy and ﬁlled with activity 非常忙碌的

sumptuous - adj. extremely costly, rich, luxurious, or magniﬁcent 奢侈的 华丽的

gravitate - v. to be attracted to or toward something 被吸引到 倾向

particularize - v. to give speciﬁc details or examples of 详细阐述

albeit - conj. although /ɔlˈbiɪt/ 即使

abet - v. to help, encourage, or support someone in a criminal act 怂恿 支持 教唆（犯罪） 选 instigate 反 frustrate

anodyne - adj. not likely to offend or upset anyone 不惹人厌烦的 选 benign
 adj. serving to alleviate pain 缓解疼痛的

credulous - adj. too ready to believe things 易受欺骗的 选 trusting credulity n. 信

asunder - adj. into parts 分裂的 反 linked

petulant - adj. insolent or rude in speech or behavior /ˈpɛtʃələnt/ （说话，行为）粗鲁无礼的 petulance 
n. 易怒，生气 adj. having or showing the attitude of people who become angry and annoyed when they do not get what they want 易怒的 脾气坏的

winnow - v. to narrow or reduce 筛选

yearn - v. to feel a strong desire or wish for something or to do something 强烈渴望

indulgent - adj. willing to allow someone to have or enjoy something even though it may not be proper, healthy, appropriate, etc. 纵容的 
adj. done or enjoyed as a special pleasure 享乐的

preside - v. to be in charge of something (such as a trial) 主持 负责

meretricious - adj. attractive in a cheap or false way 俗气的

burgeon - v. to grow or develop quickly 繁荣 快速增长 选 expansion, ﬂourish 反 subside, wither

flourish - v. to be very successful 繁荣

gigantic - adj. extremely large 极大的
