snub - v. to ignore (someone) in a deliberate and insulting way 怠慢，不理睬 选 slight

underplay - v. to make (something) seem less important than it actually is 轻描淡写 低估

obliterate - v. to destroy (something) completely so that nothing is left 抹去 使..消失

seethe - v. to suffer violent internal excitement 强压怒火 生气
 v. to move constantly and without order 赞助

morph - v. to change the form or character of 变形

subservient - adj. very willing or too willing to obey someone else 服服帖帖的 奉承的

obtuse - adj. stupid or unintelligent愚钝的 笨的
adj. difﬁcult to comprehend 难懂的

trenchant - adj. caustic 尖酸刻薄的 
adj. sharply perceptive犀利，一针见血的 选 profound

instigate - v. to cause (something) to happen or begin 激起 挑起 选 abet

fusty - adj. very old-fashioned 过时的 选 obsolete, outmoded 
adj. full of dust and unpleasant smells 腐臭的

cease - v. to stop doing 停止

implicate - v. to show to be connected or involved 牵涉

vituperate - v. to abuse or censure severely or abusively 辱骂 vituperative adj. 谩骂的

rattle - v. to upset (someone) especially to the point of loss of poise and composure 扰乱

molder - v. to decay slowly 腐烂 退化 ，

transmogrify - v. to change or alter greatly and often with grotesque or humorous effect 使 变形

choreograph - v. to arrange or direct the movements, progress, or details of 精心安排 
v. to decide how a dancer or group of dancers will move during a performance 编舞

incipient - adj. beginning to develop or exist 开始的

antiquarian - adj. relating to the collection and study of valuable old things (such as old books) 古文物研究的

boisterous - adj. very noisy and active in a lively way 吵闹的 选 uproarious 反 quiet

renounce - v. to give up, refuse, or resign usually by formal declaration 拒绝 否认

compartmentalize - v. to separate into distinct parts, categories, or compartments 分门别类 划分

maelstrom - n. a powerful often violent whirlpool sucking in objects within a given radius 大漩涡，引申为混乱 动乱

captious - adj. marked by an often ill-natured inclination to stress faults and raise objections 挑剔的 吹毛求疵的

vulgar - adj. not having or showing good manners, good taste, or politeness 粗俗的
adj. relating to the common people or the speech of common people 普通大众的

fealty - n. loyalty to a person, group, etc. 忠诚

bristle - v. to become angry 生气，愤怒

await - v. to wait for (someone or something) 等待

languish - v. to continue for a long time without activity or progress in an unpleasant or unwanted situation 衰落 不活跃

nugatory - adj. of little or no consequence不重要的 反 consequential

inept - adj. generally incompetent无能的 
adj. not suited to the occasion 不恰当的 不合适的

spartan - adj. marked by simplicity, frugality, or avoidance of luxury and comfort 简朴的

ancillary - adj. providing something additional to a main part or function 辅助的 选 supplementary

sequester - v. to keep (a person or group) apart from other people 分离 隔离

hasty - adj. done or made very quickly or too quickly 快速的 仓促的 选 impulsively, rapidly 
adj. prone to anger 易怒的

budding - adj. being in an early stage of development开始的 起初的 选 nascent

vainglory - n. excessive or ostentatious pride especially in one's achievements /极度夸耀 虚荣

consummate - adj. complete in every detail 完满的 圆满的 
v. to make (something) perfect or complete 圆满完成

like-minded - adj. having similar opinions and interests 思维相似的 想法一致的

ecumenical - adj. involving people or things from different kind; of worldwide scope or applicability 多元的 普遍的

ardent - adj. characterized by warmth of feeling typically expressed in eager zealous support or activity 热衷的 热情的

rescind - v. to end (a law, contract, agreement, etc.) ofﬁcially 废除（法律） 反 levy

distend - v. to become larger and rounder because of pressure from inside 膨胀 反 constrict, compress

self-regard - n. regard for or consideration of oneself or one's own interests 自私自利

subterfuge - n. the use of tricks especially to hide, avoid, or get something 诡计 选 chicanery

agglomerate - v. to gather into a ball, mass, or cluster 聚集

goad - v. to urge or force (someone) to do something 刺激 反 curb

surfeit - n. an amount that is too much or more than you need 过量 选 glut, plethora

transitory - adj. lasting only for a short time 短暂的 选 ephemeral

prolix - adj. using too many words 冗长的 选 verbose, long-winded 反 brief prolixity n.啰嗦

exactitude - n. the quality or state of being accurate and correct 准确

chastise - v. to criticize (someone) harshly for doing something wrong谴责 选 castigate

protract - v. to prolong in time or space 延长

stymie - v. to present an obstacle to 阻碍 反 foster

seminal - adj. very important and inﬂuential 非常有影响力的

authoritarian - adj. expecting or requiring people to obey rules or laws 专制的

leap - v. to pass abruptly from one state or topic to another /lip/ （话题 言论）跳跃
 v. to jump from a surface 跳跃

tepid - adj. not energetic or excited 冷淡的 不热情的

malodor - n. an offensive odor 恶臭 选 noisome

senescence - n. the state of being old or the process of becoming old 衰老 选 decrepitude

decrepitude - n. the state of being old and in bad condition or poor health衰老 破旧 选 senescence 反 sturdiness

self-styled - adj. called a particular thing by yourself 自称的

cognizant - adj. aware of something 知道的，有意的

conversant - adj. having knowledge or experience 熟悉的

tribulation - n. unhappiness, pain, or suffering or an experience that causes someone to suffer 痛苦的（经历）

tributary - 进贡的

tribute - 颂词

open-ended - adj. allowing people to talk in a way that is not planned or controlled 开放的

falsify - v. to change (something) in order to make people believe something that is not true 篡改 伪造

panorama - n. a comprehensive presentation of a subject 全面展示
n. a full and wide view of something 全景

beleaguer - v. besiege 围困 围攻 
v. trouble or harass 骚扰

incumbent - n. one that occupies a particular position or place在职人员 
adj. obligatory 义不容辞 有责任的

hermetic - adj. closed tightly so that no air can go in or out 密闭的
adj. relating to or characterized by occultism or abstruseness 难懂的 反 comprehensible 
adj. recluse or solitary 退隐的 孤寂的

encapsulate - v. to show or express the main idea or quality of (something) in a brief way 简要概括 
v. to enclose in or as if in a capsule （如胶囊一样）封装

interdisciplinary - adj. involving two or more disciplines 交叉学科的

impunity - n. freedom from punishment, harm, or loss 免于处罚 免罪 免于损伤

reprisal - n. a retaliatory act 报复行为

myopic - adj. a lack of foresight or discernment 缺乏远见的 myopia n.

tarnish - v. to damage or ruin the good quality of玷污

sublime - v. to convert (something inferior) into something of higher worth 升华 精炼
v. to pass directly from the solid to the vapor state （物理现象）升华
 adj. complete or extreme 极端的 完全的 
adj. very beautiful or good and causing strong feelings of admiration or wonder 壮丽的

remonstrate - v. to present and urge reasons in opposition 反对 抗议

commiserate - v. to express sadness or sympathy for someone who has experienced something unpleasant 哀悼 同情

expostulate - v. to disagree with something or argue against it 争论 反驳

anneal - v. strengthen or toughen 加固

vicissitude - n. the quality or state of being changeable 变迁 变化

piecemeal - adv. in pieces or fragments 细碎的 零散的 一片片的 
adj. done or made in a gradual way in a series of separate steps 一步步完成的

verbose - adj. using more words than are needed 冗长的 选 prolix, long-winded verbosity n. 冗长

polyglot - adj. knowing or using several languages 会多种语言的
adj. made up of people or things from different cultures, countries, etc. 多元文化的

machination - n. a scheming or crafty action or artful design intended to accomplish some usually evil end 诡计

flee - v. to run away from danger 逃脱 逃跑

nefarious - adj. evil or immoral 邪恶的 nefariousness n. 恶毒

lachrymose - adj. tending to cause tears 催泪的 悲伤的
 adj. tending to cry often 爱哭的

enmity - n. a very deep unfriendly feeling 恶意 憎恶

indignant - adj. very angry 非常愤怒的

confront - v. to oppose or challenge (someone) especially in a direct and forceful way 反抗对抗 
 v. to meet face-to-face 面对

minutia - n. a minute or minor detail 细节 小事

commensurable - adj. having a common measure 可以同等单位含量的 可比较的 
adj. commensurate 成比例的

discriminatory - adj. not fair 不公平的 歧视的

sabotage - v. to cause the failure of something deliberately 故意破坏

commend - v. to praise (someone or something) in a serious and often public way 赞美

gossamer - adj. extremely light, delicate, or tenuous 轻而薄的 虚无缥缈的 反 ponderous

lenient - adj. allowing a lot of freedom and not punishing bad behavior in a strong way 宽容的 leniency n.

rectitude - n. the quality of being honest and morally correct 正直
